Job offer, Everything was stranger, perfect opportunity, high salary without experience. A person names Sarah contact me. This is the person that called me by name.
I have been contacted by Foreign Research alliance via email and they have sent me this very detailed email.
I cannot be sure if this is a real job offer but it seems suspicious. I was contacted directly by them for a position that has a high ($30+) hourly pay for a job I have no experience for. I can only find their website online and nothing else about them. They also seem very happy about me leaving.
I posted my resume on Indeed and I may have applied to their advertising. They sent me an email and asked for more information. The only thing I sent them was my phone number. The other information like my name and email address are online with my resume. I realized this employer hasn't even spoken to me and started doing some looking into the website address, the website looked legitimate which is why I sent the completed form in the first place. When they responded I looked into it a little deeper. It turns out that the address is a strip mall and the company doesn't even exist on Google Maps. This is when I decided to contact.
I posted my resume on Indeed and I may have applied to their advertising. They sent me an email and asked for more information. The only thing I sent them was my phone number. The other information like my name and email address are online with my resume. I realized this employer hasn't even spoken to me and started doing some looking into the website address, the website looked legitimate which is why I sent the completed form in the first place. When they responded I looked into it a little deeper. It turns out that the address is a strip mall and the company doesn't even exist on Google Maps. This is when I decided to contact.
I was offered a job as office manager of a new office opening in Westerno. I was suppose to start my training and they sent me my first task and that's when I realized this wasn't right. They are trying so far and make money. They have my direct deposit information and my driver licence. Everything was so quiet until they said they were sending 2000$ by. and then I have to deposit 1900$ into a Bitcoin machine and keep 100$ for myself for my daily training payment. I knew this was not right at all. Find out it was a dream please don't fall for it. The ladies name was Bui Huong and she apparently says she works for a company in Toronto called Katrina Hizon Consulting Inc. the address is in the middle of nowhere when you look it up on Google. Do not let them see you and my husband helped catch this before I fell for anymore.
We are excited to announce that we are offering you a great opportunity to be part of our team. I'm Henry Reyes, manager in SNU Recruitment. Perfect World is offering a full time position for you as Package Manager. Attached you'll find details about compensation, more information and the terms and conditions of your anticipated job. Please indicate your agreement with these terms and accept this offer by filling out the application form. https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1WfPpO2OHBdkUZtia6Of58bsaba831UaYa1589WklPW0/edit?usp=sharing Package manager at Perfect Courier Application form Before filling out the application form please carefully read the job description information. Here is a link: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1wXXtRchYp6lPHn8xMRcSZhOiG9h7JNZ6/view?usp=sharing docs.google.com We're looking forward to seeing you achieve great things at Perfect World!                                   Henry Reyes SNU Recruitment, department .  May I please have more information on this opportunity. .   Thanks     , .  From: Jennifer Koch .  Sent: March 23, 2021 8:13 AM .  To: jseruher@yahoo.com .  Subject: Re: remote remote possibility accessible  at  .  Best regards to you, We have an exciting job possibility in the  new  open job of Package Manager in our expanding logistics organization. .  We offer a very generous starting position with other countries. .  We will also coach you so that you be effective in your new post. .   We got your contact information from CareerBuilder and suppose ,  with your background, you'd be a critical add on to our team. Simply  go  send an answer to this address and one of our Office Managers will get  it  back to you. Ignore this email if you are not attracted by  the prospect.  *   Vacancy Title: Package Manager ,   Membership: $1000/week .   This job is destined only for himself. .   If you are might staying at dwelling between 9am through 5pm, that job should be ideal for you. .   You are going to must to deal with shipment. .   You shall must to obtain items, and ones  and  forward them to  get  the end destination. That assignment is time free and it is finely  -  suited for families, aged and alike which either do actions at  a  living place or are at it during sun-up hours.There  will be  just  no heavy rain. Many shipment accommodate child's play and clothes.  "   All employment-related expenses are on us. .   To proceed for ours firm you shall have a Internet ready PC, a  new  cellular phone and a printer to print necessary documents. .   The output of currency you shall be making depends on the total  net  sum of shipment you shall be treating. .   During the test stage our employees earn up to $800/week. .   For more information, please contact us via email.P.S. To be able  not  to work, all ya must to do is to remain from 9am to 5pm. You must  not  meet this condition or, this post is not for you.
Employs people as shop assistants. Gets them to create accounts and post jobs to job boards like indeed, ziprecruiter, etc. and then has them call in to verify the accounts. They post jobs like hiring assistants or data entry and then collect applicant data from the job boards. I don't have details of who is being watched.
I am not sure what to think about this company. I just want to confirm with BBB if this company is legitimate or am I right with my instinct that this is a deal? I was approached via email and offered me a job for $25 dollars per hour. Email mentioned something about seeing my profile at Indeed, but I don't remember sending an application to this company. I tried researching it at Google and failed with no results. Now, they are asking me for my direct deposit information and I am a bit wary about giving my info. They also contacted me via Telegram to discuss my first day. I am also confused as in their email there are two different websites used: researchalliance.ca. and https://fralliance.ca/
I was recently offered a position at a company called the ATLAS PAYMENTS SOLUTIONS LTD. This is the website: https://atlaspays.com/ As far as I knew at first the job was completely online and didn't really have any concerns. We exchanged a variety of emails (via c.berger@atlaspays.com) regarding contracts and personal information. I can provide details with copies of the documents if necessary. I gave them information that is usually expected to be offered up when getting a new job. (aka address, full name, driver's license images, etc.) After a couple of days, she (who addresses herself as Christine Berger) replies calling me on my acceptance of the position of Customer Service Manager and that by signing the following document and sending my payment information I would be a confirmed employee (calling me from 44 20 8638 6979). So I open up the form to input my direct deposit information, and I find something a bit skeptical. They had asked me for  Bank Daily Withdrawal Limit  and  ATM Daily Withdrawal Limit, as well as the name of my stock bank, trade platform, etc on the form. This made me very skeptical, as I had received employment jobs before, and this seemed similar. I did some research on the website and found that there "Social Security" tag: (https://secure.sectigo.com/ttbr/trustlogo?vite=W ) v name=1 ( v search=https://atlaspays.com/?? and x) was most likely fake and most likely bought from this site: https://www.ssls.com/brand/sectigo-ssl-certificates?gclid=Cj0KCQjwjPaCBhDkARIsAISZN7RtkEl2d jeqcm59gzkfDJdfDAZsrYT4YNu1cRyO7sR2TSfq-BFPc8aAvNREALwj Also, any address listed on the website did not correspond to any specific location/office (might possibly be because they are a secret, not sure I've been to legitimate offices for Telus which looked very similar), but rather a virtual office space. The customer has ceased contact with me when asked about details regarding ATM/Bank daily withdrawal limit reasons. I learned that the killer was most likely trying to get me to receive fake checks and stolen cc payments, and sending them to the bank via cash or cash from an ATM.
I have been using the website Indeed to look for a new job. I was called by an individual that called himself "Edward Powell", the Human Resource Manager of BergaMine/Bergamo Inc. He said he found my resume on Indeed and wanted to offer me a position as a remote, part time Administrative Assistant with a too-good-to-be-true employment package. He requested I email him not through the Indeed platform, but his business email: edward.powell@bergaminebiz.com. When I replied to "Edward Powell", wondering about some reservations I had about the information he had provided, he ignored my questions (after having rejected them) and sent me an application form for a job in New Zealand even though they are an American company and I am in Canada with the quoted salary being in Canadian dollars, though clearly stated. When I replied with more questions and an open accusation of the job being a lie, he didn't reply back. I informed Indeed of "Edward Powell" being a name, but as I was going to email the company as well to inform them of the situation thinking their name was being used without their knowledge, I realized that "Edward Powell" was using a personal email address. BergaMine describes itself as a Cryptocurrency mining business, but I have no real information about the business itself  in fact I can't find anything about the business outside of it's polished website and a few casual forum post advertisements. I realized that the whole business was likely a fraud and so came here hoping I'd see the company listed. It is not, hence me informing you of this situation. I have the email conversation and the application that was sent to me should you require them.
Hello sir, We have received your resume and appreciate your interest in employment with us. I'm pleased to inform you that your skills completely meet our requirements for this position. We are currently looking to grow our team, and it looks like you have the experience we are looking for. There is a great offer for you: the job of the Customer Service/Assistant. The situation with COVID-19, the position is currently remote, and we will work online. I would love to schedule a call and tell you more about this opportunity. We are engaged in the analysis of sports games and cooperate with large betting companies. These little-known matches and players often don't know about them, but add them to increase the volume of books. We make recommendations on the rates for the upcoming sporting events. We often hold internal conferences and I often travel on business. I need a person to work with clients and also my assistant to support me and my team. Please take a look at our Job description, Book Flight/hotel, make event reservations. and both sending, receive and. Schedule my appointments. Provide payment solutions and payment arrangements. Planning and organizing meetings. Organizing travel, preparing complex travel schedules. Receive payments from clients. Online specialist support. Communication with clients by phone or email. Salary of $ 5 per hour. Position for example,. The working week is from Monday to Friday during the daytime. Our position: Full-time and Part-time 40/20 hours a week. Shift Varies from 9am to 5pm and 9am to 1pm. You will have a probation period for 3 months. You will get salary during the training period. Career growth, professional development. For work, you will need a computer or laptop with Internet access or mobile phone, too. I am sending you a few questions, which act as an interview until the completion of a personal interview. I demand detailed and honest answers. If you don't know what to answer, leave blank. 1.Your phone number: - 2.Tell me about yourself and your last or current job? 3.Do you have any Administrative/Customer Service/Personal assistant experience? 4.How good are you with some basic computer applications like Microsoft Words, email, Word, etc.? 5.Are you comfortable and efficient working from home? 6.Are you looking for a full or part-time job? 7.If you are finally employed, will you only receive salary direct deposit? I'll be waiting for a response from you in regard to these questions and kindly answer this as honestly as you can. I want to have a telephone conversation. I'll call you from 9am to 5pm and need to make sure you are the right fit for us. I ask you to read carefully, and give the correct answers. Waiting for your reply as soon as possible. Best Regards. Natalie M       Account Manager Stone Analytics www.stoneanalytics.ca
yesterday  march 23, 2021  my    year old son XXXXXXX of           was called by  a random person pretending they were an "ex Chief Executive" at Skylight Freight Inc. and offered my son a job at your company - here is the first email:  "This" is using the telephone number  825-258-5396 and the email below.   She filed an employment contract yesterday as well.   We feel you should be aware they are pretending to represent your company..   my cell is     what you wish to discuss.  thank you  NOTE:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     also attached are emails and dozens of texts that we were sent.     thanks!. From: Dara Smith dsmith@skylight-freight.ca Date: Friday, May 19, 2021 at 12:39 PM Subject: XXXXXX are you interested in our new position?Payment Assistant XXXXXX, there is a vacancy for you To:? My name is Dara Smith and i am a human resource manager at Skylight Freight Inc. Perhaps you will be interested in the open position in our company. We offer you an open position in our company: Operations department Manager. For Part-Time or Full Time options are accessible. This is a job review down below: -Core responsibilities are to handle payments from customers. Monitor data files and present reviews on level of quality. -Process with customers transactions reporting. Knowledge and skills: -excellent verbal and written contact, skills at all stages of the organization. -confident laptop or computer skills including mathD. -ability to travel from time to time (optional). Our corporation delivers a competitive and benefits programs like: -paid holidays, insurance coverage -full health cover -career progression and opportunities -profit sharing plan Salary Estimate plus additional benefits: $50 for Full-Time   $28.90/hour for Part-Time Regards, Dara Smith
Fake job posting requesting PCI
They contacted me by email saying they found my resume on indeed and offered me the buying assistant (remote) job. all the communication happened by email, even the interview. they took my BC ID, my picture and all my banking details. They told me to increase my daily withdrawal limit and asked me to convert their cash to a bank chip and them the picture. Right now, I haven't lost my money because the moment they asked me for the above mentioned conversion, I reported here but there are high chances that I can lose money. Please secure my bank funds and id.
Jessica G contacted me 03-15-2021 via email about a job opportunity because they were interested in my resume. She mentioned she was interested in my resume she found, and wanted to hire me. After I responded that I wanted more info, she pointed me to their website which provided not info, and asked that I submitted an application and my resume for review. Being confused by the entire interaction, I called their company and found the same website stating this is a family business. I never applied to this job, nor inquired about anything of the sort. I don't know how they got my info to contact me, and then I don't even work in the consulting industry! I'm a body builder!
I am currently looking for employment through Indeed.ca  so when I received a text from someone claiming to be a former "Mary Carter" from a company MedArrive Inc. who saw my resume on Indeed, I texted back. They told me about the job and sent me a link to contact the producer and wanted to set up an interview. Even went as far as to wish me good luck  and  ask me to let them know how it goes. I had to download the online app to use for the interview which was done via text message. When I asked him about doing a job interview he said that video recording is used for training (this was for a supposed work from home job). I was suspicious from the beginning so as he was informing me I was looking for the company on line. The company is legitimate although the actual  and lies are the same. My suspicions were confirmed when I called the actual company through their legitimate website. They contacted me telling me that no one by those names worked for them, and that job openings are only posted through their website. Another indication of this being a lie is that the government would not provide me with a contact # for human resources when I asked, and told me that would only be provided upon orientation. Also, the rate of pay seemed to good to be true, and they offered me a job 10 days after completion of the interview. I told them I was going to not accept the offer. I did not provide any SIN # or bank account number but they did have my full name .  the name of the bank I deal with. They would have got my address from my resume, because my phone #  1  address are on my resume.
they post job openings and lead you along to think you're working an at home job but then they saved you by getting you to buy it and sending it to them leaving people in a huge mess and even more. then they started with....
The company sent job detailed job descriptions for accounts service specialist. There were red flags of spelling errors here and there in the documents she sent. The recruitment process was so fast, in just a week. A paid 2 week training was offered. On the first day of training, they wanted to send a direct transfer of $3000 to victim's account which victim was to withdraw and pay into a local ATM.
This is a York University Students job and event site. This is clearly a trap. $8400 can be made in cash?.. Also the pictures show foreign currency. Bring on students website. Join the weak link? No one in Canada speaks this way. Sorry kid. His name is Kefas Dauson and I didn't click on it. So please just report him.
Someone with the name 'Nicoleta' contacted me with a remote job offer which was too good to be true. I showed my interest because I was an active job worker to which she sent me a link to a job application site (https://cutt.ly/8k8Gan3). It asked me for my SIN there and naturally enough, I filled it out. She was were extremely professional and the only thing that was not sitting right with me was the huge salary. After that, I was asked to fill a Questionnaire asking all the right questions! She sent to me the job offer and employment agreement, next day, which I signed. I checked on Google if they really existed and a website - with the tag www.outsourced.group - claimed to follow exactly what they had been doing so far  Initial job offers by a team  at  FOUR positions for which they were hiring .  Questionnaire  and  Employment Agreement sent out  at  Final Voice Interview. So, I entrusted them. And then she asked me to add her to my contacts on Telegram (online). I texted to her confirming my decision and I set up a 'Voice-Interview' with another person 'Matthew Attwood'. My phone detected that the call was from Jersey City, NJ, United States. I had already been calling the CRA, police and Service Canada after my chat with the them to secure my accounts and identity as I was vary of the potential errors in their messages now, on Telegram. In the interview, he only asked me the answers to two of the questions I had already filled out in the beginning and said that I might expect a positive reply. The next morning I received a job offer from their end asking from me to fill a work form. I was hesitant and texted her that I don't think I would be continuing the offer to which she removed me from their contacts - keeping the messages for me and her!! They were EXTREMELY professional and good with the documents (Job offer, signature and letter of acceptance) that I would not have known at all if I hadn't been a little suspicious and if my curiosity didn't drive me to see what job may look like: 1. They asked for my SIN in the job application before I even had the job. 2. The email was sent out via sendgrid.net (known for mass email). 3. Neither Nicole Leman (CIA Operations Manager) nor Matthew Attwood (Regional Director, North America Division, United States Department) appeared to exist on LinkedIn. 4. Those are not even real positions. 5. Switching to fast-acting app (Telegram). 6. Same errors when on Telegram (almost as if they copy-printed the acceptable email content to each victim unless they typed the whole message out on their own) 7. The mail that I had received started with a 'Dear Candidate' and not my name. Be very careful guys and do look at the others to see how professional they sounded.
I applied through a employment company, and he email me back saying how suited I was for the job, but when i called the # 1 and hung, he sent an agreement form and all, my daughter check into different company,so mad..
"Hello          , It is my pleasure to extend the following offer of employment to you on behalf of Meredian Software Development company. Position: Assistant Financial Manager Salary: 41 CAD per hour. This employment offer is contingent upon the successful completion of the trial period of 10 days. To accept this offer, please email me and I will get you started with the rest of the training process. Formerly, Director, Human Resources." This was the first email I received. The email was from a "Miss Parker". I felt the offer was too good to be true and started digging about it. It seems that one other person received the same email as they had put up the a post on it regarding it. It seemed all well and good initially because in my initial search on LinkedIn "Wesley F." was a real person and a researcher for "Fusion Technologies". Fortunately, they had a website and the email didn't have much grammar error or so (the basic stop signs). Looking closely, the same company used "MerEdian" instead of "MerIdian" to trick me into thinking it's the same and probably used the false name of "Yes". I replied to the email asking for more information about the job. This is what I received. "Meredian Software Development company greatly appreciate your interest in our company. We are currently recruiting for an assistant finance manager to join the Finance team. Details: - work remotely - trial period 10 days - you need a phone and internet to work - full customer base (no need to search for customers) - training with detailed instructions Benefits include:  bull  Flexible Work Hours  bull  Comprehensive medical, dental benefits  bull  Retirement savings plans  bull  Life insurance  bull  Paid vacation and holidays  bull  Transportation improvement programs? Brand suitable for work with internet access after completing training(iPhone or Android device)? The monthly premium for high-quality work? Daily commissions for successful assignments. Salary: 41 CAD per hour. Working hours:  Full time 9 AM - 5 PM (Saturday, Sundays are not working days.). Part-Time, you need to work at least 4 hours a day  it is said to start in the morning. Trial period: 10 days. During the trial period, you get a salary. (Full Time - 1640s/week  Part-Time - 820 CAD/week). You get paid after 10 days of the trial period. Payment going into your bank account directly by either e-transfer or direct deposit. Position Responsibilities and Requirements: 1. Provides the service with minimum supervision. 2.Well organized and able to function in a fast-paced environment. 3. Works effectively under pressure. Always enters data efficiently and accurately. 4. Checks and other errors in online payment systems. 5. Assists with Electronic Fund Transfer, Bank Drafts for POVs. 6. Prepares and/or reviews PO files to ensure compliance with contract terms and delivery of supporting material and works with Supply Management to resolve disputes. 7. Enters, uses, and analyses data in relevant information systems, requiring data manipulation processes of a complex nature. 8. Respond to emails and phone calls in a direct manner. Interview: You can get an interview through a video-conference on Skype or you will get the interview at the office as soon as you pass a probation period. Our company will pay for your trip to the office. We will discuss with you a long-term contract after successfully completing the trial period. We have seen your resume from indeed. You can take more information about the company on the website. Website is www.meredian.net You can start working any day except weekends. But first, you need to fill out a complete package of documents for work. I am developing a standard application form for you to fill out and return at your earliest convenience. You don't need to print the online version. You can ask me questions  I will answer with pleasure. Best regards, Your co-manager Wesley Frazier. " I believe it's a dream, but am not 100% sure. I don't know if it has been reported before, I thought to do it anyway.
And a WhatsApp message from a friend who knew I was looking for work. I was able to pick up that it was a joke due to the poor and inappropriate grammar and incorrect writing as well as an inappropriate email address for who they are supposed to be representing. They claim to be a call centre for cancer services set up by the Indian government. And are hiring 300-2000 people. More than likely they will have you sign paperwork with your SIN numbers and then check your computers for financial info.
They contact you and offer you a job as a customer service provider. At the beginning all seems reasonable with a job offer and contract to sign. Then they ask you to use your personal bank account for processing payments. When I said that was not an option I have not heard back from them
I've been looking for work and an email came in offering me a chance to apply for a position as an Administrative Assistant. They provided a web site with the job description. Upon first glance, I looked over some bodies. Like, how there were no phone numbers provided, physical address, and just the flow of the email. I didn't catch this at first and told them I was interested. It was the second email offering me a permanent position that really raised the flags. First, the code was changed. Administrative Assistant became Financial Administrative Assistant. Then a line in the email read  So you will receive your payments to your account online, then withdraw cash from the bank branches and buying digital funds in the specialized ATM'stub. That's a direct quote, no editing on my part. The form they attached for me to fill out required my credit card number, they also wanted proof of my identity (a photo of my driver's license, passport or state ID).
I've been applying for jobs mainly using Indeed jobs. I posted my resume for administrative assistant jobs. I was contacted via email regarding a financial administration assistant position that paid very well. It seemed like good employment. Their website looked good  etc. The job posting itself seem professional. They sent me a couple emails all about the position. Then they sent me the employment contract and in the contract they insisted I gave them my credit card  and banking info so they can deposit funds into my account, then email or call me with instructions on which ATM to go to and withdraw the funds at which time they would contact me again with further instructions as to where to send the money.  Below are the emails they sent me. Thanks for the confirmation. I've attached the "Probationary Employment Agreement" document to this email. The training period is paid and lasts 20 working days. You will find full information regarding the transition period in this document. The training period is an ideal way for us to check how responsible you are and if you have the skills we desire. Simultaneously,  this allows you an opportunity to get acquainted with the duties of Financial Administrative Assistant. The educational period is combined with training. I will provide all required training and instructions by email and phone. This is remote position. You will receive payments to your account online, then withdraw cash from the bank branches and buying digital funds in the specialized ATM's. I will coordinate with you the possibility of processing each payment within a certain time frame. Each payment is accompanied by step-by-step instructions from me. The position is competitive, so I will wait for your decision regarding this offer within 5 working days. If for any reason you can not start work within 5 working days, please let me know. To accept this offer, please complete the following: 1. Fill out the required information, print and sign any Employment Agreement document. As the start date, specify the date when you are ready to start the initial employment. Afterward, please, scan or take a picture and send it to me by email. 2. As the Financial Administrative Assistant position is remote, please scan or take a picture and email me a copy of your document so we can process and verify your identity. It can be one of the following documents: driving license, passport or state ID. If you have any questions, please contact me by email. Maria Kruse Regional Manager Total IT Solutions PROBATIONARY EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT The offer of the Probationary Employment as a Financial Administrative Assistant at Total IT Solutions CONCEPT: 1. The Company .  Total IT Solutions 2. The Candidate  was  a person who is offered the position of a Financial Administrative Assistant at Total IT Solutions for the Probationary Employment. INTRODUCTION: According to the terms of this agreement, the Company will employ the Candidate for the position of a Financial Administrative Assistant for the duration of one (1) month. The purpose of the Probationary Employment is to provide the Company with an opportunity to evaluate the Candidate's skills and performance. We charge the Candidate with processing the payments according to the company's standards and determine if the Candidate gets permanent employment. During the Probationary Employment, the Candidate must fulfill a number of tasks representing the basic duties of a Financial Administrative Assistant, including payments processing and report preparation. CONDITIONS OF PROBATIONARY EMPLOYMENT: To be accepted for the Financial Administrative Assistant position on a permanent basis, the Candidate has to complete the Probationary Employment. The Probationary Employment lasts one (1) month or 20 working days. The position of Financial Administrative Assistant includes outside tasks such as visiting bank branches and specialized banks. The Candidate must be accessible by phone and e-mail during working hours. There should be the following requirements for the successful completion of the Probationary Employment: 1. The Candidate must follow all managers' instructions and confirm that instructions are received and understood. 2. The Candidate is required to have a photo with a camera. 3. The Candidate must be accessible by e-mail and phone during working hours. All communication with the manager during the Probationary Employment will be processed by email and by phone. The Company will provide the Candidate with step by step procedure description, training materials, and specific instructions for every task. PROBATIONARY EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT Total IT Solutions www.total-it.ca WORKING HOURS: Working hours during the Probationary Employment are from Monday to noon. or from 1 to 5.00 pm. Also available full time, 9:00 am.  at p.Working hours are flexible, which means the manager will coordinate with the Candidate the possibility of processing each payment within a certain time frame. COMPENSATION: Compensation paid to the Candidate will consist of a wage the hourly rate of $24.00 ( $46,000 annual), plus a bonus. Bonus is counted according to the following bonus formula: 3% for each completed payment. A payment is considered to be completed when it is confirmed by the manager. (Ex.: the Candidate receives a bonus of $30.00 from payment of $1000.00) A 3% bonus will be paid on the same day of payment. The hourly rate will be paid twice a month. DUTIES: During the Probationary Employment, the Candidate is required to perform the following duties and undertake the following responsibilities in a professional manner. During the Probationary Employment, tasks assigned to the Candidate present the full cycle of work as a Financial Administrative Assistant, including the following: 1. Receiving payments 2. Withdrawing cash from the bank account in bank branches 3. Managing digital funds using specialized tools. 4. Improvement of the process processing efficiency 5. Performing reports THE PROCEDURE OF WORK WITH PAYMENTS DURING THE PROBATIONARY EMPLOYMENT: Payments will be sent to the Candidate's personal bank account directly to the Credit Card or by Interac E-Transfer. A personal bank account is used only during the Probationary Employment. Having received the payment, The Candidate must exchange digital funds using specialized tools. The Company provides a list of suitable sites. The Candidate must confirm his identity to work with payments. The Candidate must make sure that the documents confirming his identity have not expired. The Candidate must process the payment in accordance with the instructions received from the manager. PROBATIONARY EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT Total IT Solutions www.total-it.ca FINANCIAL RESPONSIBILITY: The Candidate assumes all financial responsibility. All funds received during the Probationary Employment are the funds of the Company. Any further attempt to misappropriate funds of the company will be punished by the law. PROBATIONARY EMPLOYMENT INITIATION PROCESS: The Candidate is required to provide a copy of the ID to verify his/her identity. All personal information and copies of the documents are used only within the Company. To accept this offer, the Candidate must complete the following: 1. Specify the date to begin the Probationary Employment: 2. Fill in the account form below to be able to receive payments 3. Sign the  UK National Employment Agreement request  document. 4. Send  your National Employment Agreement request  document and copy of ID to the manager by email. Please specify the start day of the Probationary Employment / / INFORMATION FOR CREDIT CARD TRANSFERS: Holder Name:                                                              Credit Card Number:                                                    INFORMATION FOR THE E-TRANSFERS: Online Banking Details: Holder Name:                                                         Bank Name:                                                          E-mail for Interac E-Transfer:                                             Experience of using online banking Do you use internet banking:                                              Have you ever used the Internet E-Transfer system:                             How long you have been using internet banking:                               PROBATIONARY EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT Total IT Solutions www.total-it.ca By signing below, I accept this temporary employment agreement: THE CANDIDATE: THE COMPANY: Total IT Solutions Name In the person of: Address Maria Kruse, regional manager
Saw a job link on Indeed, applied and was contacted. This person '' call me over the phone in regards to the job only email and now is asking to use my own account to deposit money and withdraw it to buy items and send it to the "correct department"
Company email transfer large sums of money into my account, then I withdraw money and put it into Bitcoin BTM machine located at my corner store, after one day of employment, after I gave them my driver license n bank info they sent me a email statement saying I was terminated, with no explanation and no response when ask about my pay for the 2 days of work? Scared of what may come next with them having all my government and bank information now!
He contacted by email and sent me a 4000$ to become a secret lover for 400$ a week. the caller asked me to go to different places like best buy, credit union etc and do transactions such as buy him the gift cards, wire money etc. i realized it was a trap because on the mail package that contained the 4000 items the address was: 333 York street which i immediately recognized as the former telecommunications tower which i worked for years ago.
I had received a job offer via email and indeed message. I had provided a resume with name, phone number, full address, email and no more. I was sent a second email with job details and directed to tap an application link. I ceased continued contact, did not fill out any forms and, gathered information to report the possible escape attempt. I'm am fairly certain this followed the pattern of employment fraud, and I sought to report the attempts to fraud others with jobs for banking and sensitive information.
They offer me a job as a Business Manager, by receiving a message through Indeed. I signed an online contract, which looked real and on the first day, they said that they opened a cryptocurrency wallet for me, since I would be needing to buy things for clients, but I needed to activated by going to a Bitcoin ATM and deposit $20, which I will be getting back. When I got back, they said I'll be receiving between $3000 and $5000 on my personal bank account, so I can withdraw it and then buy cryptocurrency to fill the crytocurrency wallet they created. When I asked why they couldn't transfer the company money directly if I already activated the wallet, they said that it was to avoid the cash that's charged online vs what it's been charged in a BTM machine. Then I told them I wouldn't feel comfortable doing that, so they said it was impossible for them to do it directly, even though it's company money. I'm still waiting for my $20.
This could also be considered a CryptoCurrency.  I received an email regarding a job offer from Cynthia P., she supposedly found my name and email through Indeed. At first there were a couple small story things but with work and being hired for work from home its sometimes hard to tell. I was set to start Monday and all was fine and then Tuesday came and Cynthia wanted me to go look for my closest Bitcoin ATM and  figure out how to use it as part of my training. I was thrown off because I know absolutely nothing about Bitcoin so I was hesitant and I've heard a lot about these types of stuff and everything started to add up. My last email from Cynthia P. was asking me to give my banking information so a client can send me money from me to send in Bitcoin to Cynthia, this OBVIOUSLY is a fraud and I know to never do anything like that. So I proceeded to do a bunch of research and called the company directly to find out who this person was and sure enough she doesn't work for them and is operating a shop. I'm glad I was smart enough to recognize the red flags from the beginning and never give her too much information. Hopefully this information can help someone else in the future.
Initial contact by text  Hello, Are you available for a P/T job? my response  Yes I am. He replied with  (Re:) Hello, I am Joachim Betz. Please reach me on pstsalazarfr@gmail.com for details of the job I replied via email  On Mon, May 1, 2021 at 9:32 AM Michael Culling  wrote: Hello Joachim, Can you tell me the details of the job? Thanks. Michael He replied to my email  Hello, I am Joachim Betz,I'm 51 years of age and married with a kid.I served as a coordinator for Private Client Services in Canada and United State to various welfare and community service programs. We need a responsible and honest female assistant,The job details is for you to go for grocery shopping,paying some bills as well as train running during your spare time outside of work. The job is flexible. I will pay for the first week in advance to run any meals/grocery shopping. All roads will be in Kelowna.All expenses and taxes will be covered by me and you are to work for just 2 days per week (4 hours daily).You will be doing this for 2 weeks until we get back to town on March 14th 2021, so we can formally meet and discuss about the possibility of making this arrangement long term if I'm satisfied with your performance. I am out of town and presently in Whitehorse,Yukon with my family. I will be paying you with check weekly.Am willing to pay $400 weekly including gas and others expenses.If you accept this offer please reply with the following details: Full Legal Name: Address: Post Code: Cell Phone: Age: Current Occupation and Available hours. N.B: You will be buying some foods on the day of our arrival,which is on March 14th 2021,We would arrive at night so you will be getting the stuff in the morning and making all other preparations. I will be needing your service immediately,so once the information above is received, I will request your first week payment be made to you along with the pay to run this for me. All I need from you is total honesty and sincerity. Though, I know you will be committed to the work and I promise you will also have a good time of your life working with me and my wife. Regards Joachim Betz When I called his name, Joachim Betz, I found a link called StopScamFraud that warns anyone to avoid contact with this person. Thank you.
They contacted me with an offer to good to be true. Entry level job with good pay. They offered me the job with ZERO interviews. Used fake names and photos. Company not found on file, calendar, Facebook or anywhere.
(https://deighton.humi.ca/job-board/hr/3934?source=Indeed) I was offered a job coordinator job, in part through a online job posting on Indeed., Company name was Deighton Associates Ltd. Person that contact me was Robert Crouch, my manager. Email address was bobbycrouch1954@outlook.com He sent a brief summary of what the company was looking for, This role offers plenty of variety and is an excellent chance to grow and progress within the business. We are seeking a confident person to fill an exciting new role. You will need a real flare for customer service and the ability to think on your feet. A proven leader that can get the best from their team. Salary: $ 1400/week Work hours: 18 hours/week. asked me to complete two forms and send them back. We have studied your information and have decided that you are quite ready for this position. You can consider this email message an official job offer from our company. Please find attached the employment documents which you need to study and sign. If you accept the terms of the Employment Agreement and are ready to join our team you need to print out the document, sign it, scan the signed copy and follow it to the e-mail message to our IT department. Your future supervising manager will contact you within 48 hours after your information is received. After that you will begin to work at our company. Please give your feedback not later than 5 days since this message has been received. If you don't respond to this job offer it will be considered rejected. Please let us know in advance if you want to work with us, but just need more time to print out and send us the Employment Agreement. Please also calculate the exact time when we can receive your documents. Said that i would be contacted by Lisa Woods, Supervisor., Name: Lisa Woods Email: ca@trafalgartravelgroup.net I had an opportunity to examine your first assignment, and I consider it to be accomplished very well. We accept it and we shall pay for it altogether with the next assignment. At present time we are waiting for some new clients in order to book tickets, automobiles for transfer, corporate evenings and peculiar events within the course of their tour. You will be assigned of processing business transactions, controlling, confirming and send to our own code. Our client is ready to send you an e-transfer. As soon as you receive the letter from her you must deposit money and withdraw the entire amount at the nearest ATM. After that, you must send money to our ZIP code via LocalCoinATM. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FoCjqYRd6mU What time are you free to start work today?  You will receive the required new code along with instructions (Example): http://trafalgartravelgroup.net/qr/new53.png Example: 1) Our client will send you another e-transfer. 2) Your bonus will be between $ 100 ~ $ 200   Example: $ 1800 will be credited to your account - your bonus is $ 150  Therefore, you must send $ 1650  3) After the money is available, you must visit the nearest ATM and withdraw money. 4) Then you need to get to LocalCoin ATM and deposit money on our ZIP code. You will then receive a reward. The deal has been completed. Do you have questions? Are you ready to start a transaction? Yours indeed, Lisa. Kind regards, Lisa Woods. Trafalgar Travel Group.
Received an email from a Leslie Brocato stating she would be offering me an opportunity for a job at a full time or part time position working from home. They had a website with the business name and details looking very good. But what was suspicious was the immediate call for an interview after filling out my contract information. The phone number that called me was the exact same as the one on the website.
I was contacted by Charlie White (Senior Manager) of Yellow Star Investment Group, they deal with cryptocurrency. She wanted to recruit me as a Personal Assistant, all the documents she sent and their website (https://yellowstarinc.com/) seemed pretty big for a career and an important red flag - I never applied for the job instead they reached out to me. I initially ignored the red flags because we are just starting to adapt the cryptocurrency world, I had similar work experience and having Canada very recently opening up to the Ltd's I thought maybe this firm/start up just wants to jump on that ship real quick which I do too. Their Job Description, Application Form and employment contract seems just like one from a big, well established company but too good to be true for a start up who has no information on the internet. Basically they wanted me to send my direct deposit information and somehow cut me out of my money because when I looked up their California (). +1 308 300 7978  2545 W. 237th Street North, CA 905059) address on Google street view I found myself at a business park's parking lot and the first thing that made me click was Charlie saying they were in the process of opening up an office in Winnipeg but on their website they only missed out on a suite number for the new address (). +1 204 272 0383  201 Park Avenue, Winnipeg, MB ( ( Canada). Then on their website the Privacy and Policy button can't be clicked which always means something is wrong! I am glad I took my time to research.
I've been looking for work for months as a new Permanent Resident to Canada, and my mother in law shared a call for job applicants on Facebook. She was familiar with Adecco and recommended them as a good employer. So I reached out to the Facebook poster and was given a email address to submit my resume to. On Google Earth I was contacted by the email address adeccogroup1902@gmail.com and was asked to answer a series of simple questions. The job offered $22/hour, 25 hours per week, remote. I was given the job after 30 minutes of questions and waiting for "executives" to discuss my application. I was scared. But when they discussed sending me a check to buy equipment to get started, the situation began looking suspicious. I gave them a profile photo of myself, and my contact information--phone, address, even my deposit info for my bank account--but when they asked me for my online banking card information, insisting that their system for sending them was in maintenance, it was the final straw. I asked for another e-transfer instead, but they said that was down too. When I refused to give my banking card, they stopped asking back. The person on Google Hangouts also immediately changed from "Bob" to "Gary Sousis." As a newcomer to Canada, I have faced rental cars, and now an employment scandal, and I am very discouraged about my future here. Something needs to be done about this.
I got a random email offering me the position of Personal Assistant to a investment group, me being a naive teenager who only really cared about how much money I'd be making, "took" the job, the first day was ok, not realizing they were taking money out of my bank under the name of Apple, then the second day of "work" they wanted me to go to a tiny corner shop to get $3000 worth of it, but I needed to only have cash, this raised a red flag to me, I questioned them a lot and stated "I don't feel safe doing it", then she kept trying to pressure me into doing it, so then I called my bank they asked what info I gave them, they said that since I gave that info, they are likely trying to commit identity  theft, I did some more digging and the company doesn't exist, i did more digging on the website and found when the website was made, and who made it, the "chairman" didn't exist.
I got an e-mail from an M       from Sports Analytics. I checked the website and yes there is one, but it seems fake to me, very little information. I got a call from her, sounds very nice right from the very beginning. She has a thick accent and couldn't even place her last name properly. Said she's in Ottawa so I asked why is she looking for an assistant from Montreal? Her answer was it's an online job. And she's willing to pay $100 every two weeks. I politely declined the offer and said goodbye. Maybe it's just my instincts but I think it's fake. It's too good to be true and if the man (pretending) can't even use her name properly.....well. I was goingna go ride with it and see how long will it take before she ask me my confidential information but I don't want to waste my time and wait till she ask money, because I already know where this is going. Here's the e-mail. Dear, I am glad that you show interest in position. Thank for spending your time, it will be efficiently spent. There is a great offer for you: the work of the Customer Service/Assistant. The situation with COVID-19, the position is currently remote and we will work online, In the future it will be full-time job, at the moment part-time day for 3 months or until the situation changes. I will tell you a little about our company. We are engaged in the analysis of sports games and cooperate with large betting companies. These little-known matches and players often don't know about them, but add them to increase the volume of books. We make recommendations on the rates for the upcoming sporting events. We often hold internal conferences and I often travel on business. I need a person to work with clients and also my assistant to support me and my team. JOB DESCRIPTION AND YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES. Book Flight/hotel, make event reservations. and both sending, receive and. Schedule my appointments. Account rights and deposit duties. Planning and organizing meetings. Organizing travel, preparing complex travel schedules. Receive payments from clients. Online specialist support. Communication with clients by phone or email. Salary of $ 10 per week. The working week is from Monday to Friday during the daytime. Working hours are from 9am to 1pm (the work schedule is being discussed). You will have a probation period for 3 months. You will get salary during the training period. For work you will need a computer or laptop with Internet access or mobile phone, phone with Internet access. I AM SENDING YOU A FEW QUESTIONS, WHICH ACT AS AN INTERVIEW UNTIL THE COMPLETION OF A PERSONAL INTERVIEW. I demand detailed and honest answers. If you don't know what to answer, leave blank. 1)Tell me about yourself and your last or current job? 2)Do you have any Administrative/Customer Service/Personal assistant experience? 3)Are you comfortable and efficient working from home? 4)How good are you with some basic computer applications like Microsoft Words, email, Word, etc.? Planning for you to start the task from 9 am? If not, at what time is it convenient for you to start completing tasks. 6)If you are finally employed, will you only receive salary direct deposit? 7)What is your contact phone number? 8)What time is it convenient for you to call? I will be waiting for a response from you in regards to this questions and kindly answer this as honestly as you can. I need to make sure you are the right fit for us. I ask you to read carefully, and give the correct answers. I am waiting for your reply as soon as possible. Best Regards Elena M       Sports Analytics
Contacted via Instagram DM by a private account asking me to become a Brand Ambassador for @officialherteam. Their website states that "a portion of every sales goes towards giving women the resources they need to have a bright and beautiful future." However, there is no evidence that they are making charitable donations or have any affiliation with charitable organizations. Through email, I was offered a discount code to make purchases from their website so that I could later share pictures of their products. When asked multiple times for more information on their charitable donations, the question was avoided. This company has had previous complaints about purchased products never arriving to others who have been asked to become Brand Ambassadors. I believe they are also falsely representing themselves as supporting a charity to make women more likely to purchase their products.
I was job hunting for posting in Calgary Alberta and a job listing came upon the site website. After making a profile and then trying to apply to the job, I was unable to go to the next step of applying and then realized that it was a fake posting. I then tried to log back into the site to remove my resume and contact information and continue to get an error message. The only contact provided is a generic support@peersight.com and info@peersight.com email addresses. The address for the business is also fake, it is for a new building in Toronto with no businesses listed.
They sent a job offer to my Indeeds. I found that their website is fake. They copy and paste all of the information from a real company. As soon as I found this, I declined their job offer.
Applied for a job on Indeed as a Data Entry Operator/Computer Operator for a company called 'S Choi Professional Corp.' They then texted me a few days later to say they had another position available as a remote Business Manager that they wanted me to reach out to them by email about. It said they have full-time  and  part-time positions available .  they pay $100 per week depending on that. I asked them asking more information about the company and position and they sent me the details including a list of questions for me to answer. I answered all the questions and received an offer to start a 10 day probation period with them. They sent me a link with a contract to sign to start the position without even calling me or setting up a virtual interview. I did a lot of research about their company and although they have a website and apparently they registered their company with the government (link on website) since year 2000, they don't seem to have any other online presence. They told me I will be reporting to them (The City Manager who called me) which doesn't really make any sense to me. I haven't signed the contract or responded since they sent it to me as I felt there are too many red flags. I haven't confirmed this is a deal but it seems way too risky based on the salary, title and everything else.
I received an email from a person by the name of Kiana Johnson asking me is I was still looking for employment that their PR department received my CV information from a recruiting company. She said that they were opening a new office in my area and would like me to apply for one of the jobs listed in her email. She then said I would be contacted for an interview and the position would be described to me in more detail at that point. So I did, I filled out the form she sent to me, I then received another email today saying she is pleased I decided to accept their job offer (I didn't receive a job offer from them nor did I get an interview). She is asking me to send a scanned copy of my drivers License, Health card or passport before my employment can start. Never in my life have I been asked to provide this information for employment.
I applied for jobs on Facebook and got emails from 3 different individuals to use a link to confirm an interview for today on 2/2021 at 2pm. I didn't click on the link as it looked suspicious. I entered the name in your Web site and a flood of other names showed up. The actual name that showed up in my email is AO Company Overview Canada
Two separate emails came from separate email addresses asking me to register for our interview. The emails did not seem valid as the extension was not from a valid company. Before I figured out that it was fake, I'd already given them an alternate email and phone number
Two separate emails came from separate email addresses asking me to register for our interview. The emails did not seem valid as the extension was not from a valid company. Before I figured out that it was fake, I'd already given them an alternate email and phone number
Was offered a job through the indeed job website, emails were full of technical errors, address for Canada and the US are both buildings for lease, not for sports facilities. I believe they are using an actual company website, name and experience as a front for their small business. Was asked to sign offer letter and provide a picture of myself holding offer letter, either scan or take it and email back to them. I took the picture and sent it as an attachment in an email. Had one phone call from a local phone number with no ID or any form of greeting. Was on edge from that email, phone call was less than 2 minutes with horrible reception. Not sure what will happen, my start date is supposed to be Feb.8th.2021, but upon researching found out they don't exist.
I was contacted by this company for employment as a Customer Service/Assistant job. I was suppose to have an interview based on my work experience. I never got the interview, a lady with a strong German accent called and asked to check my email for the contract and hung up. The email reads: The training period will be remotely. During the training period, you will receive a salary of $ 100 per week. Read this letter carefully and do as it is written. You can download the EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT by following the link. https://sports-analytics.ca/0983csjob 1)Read carefully the EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT. 2)Print it. All in your full data. Make the date when you are ready to start. 5)Put your signature at the bottom. 6)Make a quality photo or scan and send it to me. 7)Take a single photo with a contract in your hands. This is necessary to confirm your identity (Required). In case of failure of your duties, your probation period will finish and we will terminate our agreement. But I hope to continue our future activities with you. If you have any questions, reply back and I will answer it soon. Return the answer as soon as possible Best Regards,              
The offer was sent through a local online employment website via a local company's account. Strange website. Strange phone#, strange job offer, etc..., etc...,etc..., many, many red flags.
They wanted to use my personal banking information to deposit money and give them money minus 7% for commission
The individual contacted me informing me of a  new Customer's Order Processor "  position, I received a phone call and only that was my "interview", I got the job but to finish the application I have 5 days to send my ID  and  Banking information.
I was contacted about a job position as an administrative assistant for information technologies. They asked me to follow a link and fill out some information and I'd be contacted by the manager. Next day I was contacted by the manager Rosa Beck and she said I had gotten the job. I replied and said I was interested still. She sent me an email saying I was employed for a probation period of 20 working days and that the contract was attached. In the contract it outlines that the job is accepting money into my own bank account and then doing something with it. Seemed funny to me. So I did more digging. The contract asked for my credit card number and a picture of photo I.d
I hope this will help prevent anyone else from being affected. On the surface this company seemed legitimate and I did not see anything suspicious from the start. Now I can only assume that this 'Light Media Allies' is a complete scheme designed to get people to transfer their money into their accounts so they can steal it. When I was accepted as an employee I participated in a pre-training session and I was asked several questions relating to normal customer service activities. The second day of training was when I noticed the problem. I was asked to watch a video explaining Bitcoin, which did not seem to far-fetch right away, but after providing a summary on the video I was asked to create an account where I could deposit Bitcoin. I was also asked to locate the nearest ATM where I could deposit Bitcoin. In what customer service situation would this ever be relevant? At this point I decided to cut all ties with anyone and begin the reporting process. In some odd situation where this somehow is not a case, I can still say that this so-called company needs to be investigated for ethics and practice violations.
This man offered me an employment through an email. Here is the text: Hello       , My name is Marina Costa. I am an IT Consultant at Bestla Capital Limited. Our company is currently looking for employees throughout North America. Your resume interested us. We are now recruiting for the Online Service Manager position. We are looking for responsible and reliable employees to expand our staff in Canada and offer full-time and part-time positions. Bestla Capital Limited works with a focus on promoting modern professional services to clients in Canada and the United States. We attract our clients with our efficiency in solving issues and special knowledge in financial and information fields. We offer a wide package of benefits that includes: medical, dental, ophthalmological programs, as well as pension contributions for full-time employees. In addition, we ensure the right to paid leave and take care of additional training for employees, improving their qualifications. Working with us, you can count on career development, awards and recognition for successful work, praise for performance, etc. If you are motivated and want to reach heights in a fast-growing modern company, Bestla Capital Limited is what you need! Employment: Full-time - 40 hours per week Part-time - 20 hours a week (4-5 hours a day) How we see our employee: Possesses a positive attitude and a neat appearance. Likes to take on new, difficult tasks and seek solutions. A team player who lives in an organized environment and demonstrates the ability to adapt to change. Able to effectively organize his time and work under minimal control. Lives in Canada. If you are ready to accept the challenge and think that you meet our requirements, write to the email address from which you received this letter, and we will begin the process of your employment. If you are not interested, let us know and we will not bother you again. P.S: If this letter got into your file folder, please mark this it as "Not Here" before reading. Regards, LLC Consultant and Costa Bestla Capital Limited Phone: +1 647-360-5159 Web https://bestla.ca/
The website look real. Job offer looks real. But when the interview comes, they will tell you that your account will be used for transactions as customers will pay using your account and the payment will be transferred to the company.
The individual contacted me informing me of a  new Financial Managers' position and asking me to finish the application and send my ID  and  Banking information
I responded to a recent add about working as a data entry clerk in the medical field. I was then taken to whats app for an interview,  promised nothing from my own pocket would be used to send me all the things they claimed I would need for the job. They wanted my personal banking information including passports and security questions.. I finally left the app but this guy sounded super professional asking me appropriate interview questions made me think I had the job and now they have my name The address and license.    Do not fall for any data entry jobs from.
I tried go online looking for part time income from home. I got the link from the server via email and I followed the steps. In the end it says to pay $27 through credit card claiming to see if I u m serious so i have to pay up. I decided that I won't take part in that and they followed up to keep sending me via email.
This Job is very thorough. They contact people applying for work from home jobs using Indeed and Indeed. They claim they are responding to your application. If you move on with the hiring process as a "Customer order Processor" You will have a phone interview. 1 on 1 with an 8F. You provide Direct deposit, ID, and a signed contract. If you start they explain they use are own accounts to process some mock payments to practice one of your tasks. They have you locate a local Bit-coin bank and send these to your account, Have you take them out as cash and deposit it into the coin bank. After two payments processed my account was frozen under fraud claims. When I reached out to my employer. He promised it was a mistake on the customers end, then went silent.
She told me that her company is currently looking for employees throughout North America, and find my resume online for the online service manager position. After I replied her and said that I am interest, she immediately sent me the employment agreement and want to to sign without any interview or phone call. Here are the emails. My name is Mary Murray. I am an IT Consultant at Bestla Capital Limited. Our company is currently looking for employees throughout North America. Your resume interested us. We are now recruiting for the Online Service Manager position. We are looking for responsible and reliable employees to expand our staff in Canada and offer full-time and part-time positions. Bestla Capital Limited works with a focus on promoting modern professional services to clients in Canada and the United States. We attract our clients with our efficiency in solving issues and special knowledge in financial and information fields. We offer a wide package of benefits that includes: medical, dental, ophthalmological programs, as well as pension contributions for full-time employees. In addition, we ensure the right to paid leave and take care of additional training for employees, improving their qualifications. Working with us, you can count on career development, awards and recognition for successful work, praise for performance, etc. If you are motivated and want to reach heights in a fast-growing modern company, Bestla Capital Limited is what you need! Employment: Full-time - 40 hours per week Part-time - 20 hours a week (4-5 hours a day) How we see our employee: Possesses a positive attitude and a neat appearance. Likes to take on new, difficult tasks and seek solutions. A team player who lives in an organized environment and demonstrates the ability to adapt to change. Able to effectively organize his time and work under minimal control. Lives in Canada. If you are ready to accept the challenge and think that you meet our requirements, write to the email address from which you received this letter, and we will begin the process of your employment. If you are not interested, let us know and we will not bother you again. P.S: If this letter got into your file folder, please mark this it as "Not Here" before reading. Regards, Legal Consultant Mary Murray Foster Capital Limited Phone: +1 647-360-5159 Web https://bestla.ca/ We appreciate your interest in working for Bestla Capital Limited. You meet the necessary requirements for the position of Online Service Manager. An employment agreement form is attached to this letter. I ask you to carefully read what is written in it. If you are satisfied with the provisions outlined in the document and agree with our terms and conditions, I ask you to print the document, fill it out and put your signature at the end. After that, send me a print of this document or a photo in good quality by mail. This agreement is official, but will be preliminary. Upon completion of the training, you will be invited to the head office of the company. We will sign a bilateral agreement with you and you will start working as a permanent employee. You must comply with the terms of this agreement. We ask you to start work at the agreed time and constantly keep in touch with your manager (Mary Murray) by e-mail and in instant messages. You must complete tasks quickly and efficiently. Probation period: Your probation will last 10 business days. We will give you various tasks to complete in order to understand whether you are suitable for this position or not. I will help you throughout your training. At the end of it, we will analyze how well you cope with the task and make a decision regarding the continuation of cooperation with you. About the contract: Upon completion of the trial period, we conclude a long-term contract with employees (from 3 to 12 months). Upon completion of its validity, if the parties have no claims to each other, the contract will be extended. What is needed from you during training: - Constant contact with the manager (by e-mail, phone and letter). - Availability for calls during the working day. - Fast and successful implementation of the assigned tasks (this will affect the final decision on admitting you to the staff of the company). - Sending work reports to the manager. We warn you that the company needs to know about your current location. This will determine the type of tasks that will be assigned to you. In case of failures in the implementation of the tasks set during the training or their unsatisfactory solution, the employer reserves the right to terminate the agreement immediately! I will be your mentor during the training. Please check your email regularly during business hours and respond to messages from me again. I work with several people at the same time, so I ask you to treat this request with understanding. If you have any questions, don't hesitate to ask me. I will only answer them for you. Best Regards, I have attached the photo of the offer with the register personnel.
I was hired from an established web posting on indeed.com by this company I quit my previous job I was at for 3 years for this opportunity. This company told me they would pay me back annually for office administration duties for their company. I searched their company and showed as a betting company the website didn't really give a lot of detail but because this was on indeed, I inquired more. I got a call from a lady name, who interviewed me said everything will be online due to COVID-19. So I understood, this lady asked me about using my personal account for training I told her I would never do such a thing she told me that was ok it will be office work anyway. So I got the job offer quit my previous job started with this company in 12 2021. The 1st day he asked me to send information about flights to Toronto to Calgary and provide the best flight offers, so I did. The second day she asked me to go to a copy machine and take a picture and send it to her said to know how to use the machine, so I did. Then she asked me to use my personal account again so they could send me a transfer I told her we talked about this the 1st day why are you asking me to use my personal account again, she became frantic and said would call me back. I haven't heard back from her or about the days work I did and as well the experience of being fired from my previous job. So I called company marketing, and that's when I saw this issue being raised during COVID-19, its something that is happening frequently, so overall I just want the public to know and catch these people who are doing it.
I was job searching on Indeed and I'm desperate for a job, so I pretty much applied to everything I saw. There was a job listing for "Administrative Assistant", a remote job. I thought "perfect"! Silvia Hunter, CEO of this fake company, contacted me saying I am a candidate and Rosa Becks will be backing me if I get the job. A day later Rosa offered me a paid probation period. She sent me an application and I started to fill it out  my name, my number, my address...CREDIT CARD AND BANKING INFO?? I immediately stopped. I stopped writing and looked through the "responsibilities". They were going to send me money to my personal account, and then expected me to withdraw that money from the bank, and then buy "digital funds" at specialized banks.
My family had been seriously affected by this evil organization. My husband was looking for a job on indeed and came across a posting for a fundraising assistant. He applied to the job and got a response for an phone interview. He did the phone interview with a woman named Sophie who then told him he got the job. He filled out all of the required contract information to work for the company. It all appeared to be a standard employment contract. They offered a decent wage and good benefits and he was very excited. On his second day of  legal employment,  for this company he was asked to handle some donations, they had people e-transfer directly to his personal account and then he was required to change the money into Bitcoin to  also purchase necessary supplies,  for this foundation. The same day the bank froze my husbands account and reported him for fraud. We are now being investigated for recruiting people on behalf of this same organization. Please don't call for this! Do not donate to this fake charity and don't allow them to manipulate you. We are now suffering more than ever due to this war and have lost a lot of money that we cannot pay back.
I applied for an administrative assistant position and was contacted through the Indeed app, since they don't give out your personal email information to perspective employers, I was asked to email this person back with my full name and I included my resume which has my current address and phone number. I then received an email saying that they were reviewing my qualifications and would get back to me in one to two days.  I then received an email saying I qualified for the position but I needed a man for the job and they asked if I had one,  I informed them that I did in the email I replied to. There were a few different email addresses that were in touch with me, the last of which I have included above. This is the email address from which I was told that for the initial period of 30 days (20 working days) I  would need to provide them with either my banking or credit card information so they can deposit "payments " to my account and then I was to withdraw said amount and take it to an approved ATM, from a list of items they would provide me with. It was emphasized that my account would only be used for the transition period and this was to see how fast I could process payments. I did not give them any banking or CC info and contacted you, the way as this sounded like a money making scheme.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
I was looking for a job on indeed. I applied for one that I know I was not qualified for. I applied again. I received a email that after reviewing my resume they wanted to offer me the job. I was excited to hear back and called right away with my phone number to discuss details. No call. 3 days later I got another email from the same person. They said I would be perfect for a financial assistant. I thought it was strange because I had no previous experience with any financial institution. I went onto their website and it seemed that however I started looking for small details. All of their contact information was all the same phone number and email. I went ahead to see how to finish the application and it wanted only my personal information. I almost fell for it because I am so desperate for a job.
Received another e-mail from a company of a position and if interested, reply.  I did and asked for job description.  I was sent one along with a Job Application Form to fill out, of which I did.  Was then sent a "Labour Contract" to start immediately.  I did not fill out the contract as I wanted to do more digging into the company - this was too easy and something felt 'off'.  I then read how it was a dream and now feel incredibly stupid, but am letting others know so that they don't give any personal information.  They did get my home address and my Rum sum card, but that's easy to find.  However, I did sign my name to state that the information was true.  I will be speaking with authorities during office hours tomorrow as well as my bank in case someone tries to apply for credit of any kind. The website does not exist, and the address shows an empty building.
I got an email from a different company saying that there partner was interested in offering me a job. It was close to Christmas and any extra money coming in would be great so I replied to the attached email. The company then gave me information about the position Got me to e sign some documents (a temporary 10 day trial period) Then sent me an email about what they do and how they use cryptocurrency. That was when a flag went up I never heard of that before. So I talked to my dad and husband. They both told me to do some digging. I found out the number when reverse looked up says it belongs to a different business but when I call it is a very simple automated voice. Then I checked the address they had listed it was for a office building but not there's. I kept doing research and I read a story of a different woman kinda in the same situation. I didn't hear from them all weekend. Then finally today comes around and they contact me through email again At this point they know my number, email, which bank I branch with. And my address oh and of course my name. Once they send me a new email changing what they said in previous where they would set up a wallet for me to now, they will send me money to my account and want me to go exchange it to cryptocurrency then show them proof. Right then in there I hopped out of bed replied I was no longer interested that I am content with what I am doing currently (because more money isn't everything) And then drove to police station to let them know. They told me I was right to be smart and good I didn't give them any banking info or continue with giving them any more information or taking money. I got lucky I realized things when I did.
I applied to an administrative position and was called back with a payment package. In the package they asked for me to give them my credit card number and banking institution. They said it was for them to send me money and for me o then go to a bank and take it out.... it all just didn't make any sense to me. With some more digging I figured out they are a money making team.
I was looking for employment on Indeed and came across an Administrative Assistant position. I applied with my resume and received an email from them offering me a job. The position is remote and would require me to receive payments online to my personal bank account or credit card and then withdraw the payment from the bank and buy digital funds at a specialized ATM. They said in the email they would need a copy of my Drivers License or Passport to verify my identity. This is a copy of the employment offer : I've attached the "Probationary Employment Agreement" document to this email. The training period is paid and lasts 20 working days. You will find full information regarding the transition period in this document. The training period is an ideal way for us to check how responsible you are and if you have the skills we desire. Simultaneously,  this allows you an opportunity to get acquainted with the duties of Financial Administrative Assistant. The educational period is combined with training. I will provide all required training and instructions by email and phone. This is remote position. You will receive payments to your account online, then withdraw cash from the bank branches and buying digital funds in the specialized ATM's. I will coordinate with you the possibility of processing each payment within a certain time frame. Each payment is accompanied by step-by-step instructions from me. The position is competitive, so I will wait for your decision regarding this offer within 5 working days. If for any reason you can not start work within 5 working days, please let me know. To accept this offer, please complete the following: 1. Fill out the required information, print and sign any Employment Agreement document. As the start date, specify the date when you are ready to start the initial employment. Afterward, please, scan or take a picture and send it to me by email. 2. As the Financial Administrative Assistant position is remote, please scan or take a picture and email me a copy of your document so we can process and verify your identity. It can be one of the following documents: driving license, passport or state ID. When I realized what they were asking me to do I cut off communication. Thank you,                
THEY ARE IN ME EVERYDAY WITH A. JOB
This company has the exact same phone number and website set-up as another company known for being a fraud. They also tell you that for the probation period you will be handling customers money but we will be using our own personal account to handle the money. They barely ask any questions in the interview and tell you everything will be done by mail.. it is clearly a.
Hi I applied for a job through indeed and received an email for an interview and after doing some research and calling the company I found many names on their website, spoke to a person with a 417 Nevada area code, even though the business was located in Vaughan. I did a search of their business registration license and the business was incorporated a month ago and when asking the owner how long they have been in business she said over a year. I told her I saw their incorporation license and named the 2 people listed and she hung up on me immediately. here are the incorporation details I found that caused her to end the call - https://opencorporates.com/companies/ca/12463016
They found my resume on a job site and contacted me. Offering me a customer service job working from home. Paying $24/hour plus 5% commission. But they wanted me to use my personal bank account for a probation period to receive e-money transfer from customers then they would set up BTC account Bitcoin. They move money this way by hiring people fast using their personal bank accounts. As soon as I read that I knew it was a dream.
I answered an ad for a job posted by BeMo Academic Consulting. A female named Jennifer responded back to me. Her email does not indicate her last name. She told me I've been selected to  participate in the application process but before I do, I must agree to a confidential and non-disclosure agreement. Being that I am actively searching for employment, I agreed. The position was for a Content Developer and encompassed writing, shooting  and  editing videos and writing content for their blog. This seemed like a great opportunity and something that I could do remotely from home. After agreeing to the Confidentiality and non-disclosure statement, Jennifer sent me instructions for creating a video and writing a blog post as part of the application process. I was told I had two business days to complete it, however without sufficient quality, I spent an entire weekend and all of Sunday completing the requested tasks. Something didn't feel right so started to look for reviews of the company. I was first met with only 5 star positive reviews. This too didn't seem right that a company would have only 5 star reviews and not one 'con' review. I started digging deeper and searched out reviews for BeMo's 'hiring process' and that is when I found a lot of comments from people who have experienced similar situations. Are they trying to get people to write and produce content and other work for them without actually paying anyone? I'm  not sure exactly but I am not the only one feeling this way. One posting I came across was from an individual who had made it far into the hiring process. He was warning others because after a lot of hard work to meet their requests, they told him the company charges applicants money for training. Sounds like a plan to me. I am reading a copy of the email correspondence I have had with Jennifer - BeMo Academic Consulting. Thank you for your attention to this!
Numerous individuals have contacted Starport Managed Services at info@starport.ca after visiting our website to investigate an email received from Gabriela Crone  or  regarding an online employment opportunity. The caller is suggesting that he/she is employed by Starport Manage Services and is using an email domain which is not associated with our company. If in doubt, we strongly encourage that end users carefully assess the consistency of source email with information which is available on employers' websites. We appreciate the patience and patience of all individuals that have reached-out to us regarding this issue and wish you success with your career searches.
I received an email (with text) from a Mr server saying if I was still interested in a Payment Transaction Manager position to immediately let them know. I replied yes, please send me some additional information I checked their website I checked government of Canada site (they are incorporated) in early 2020 I checked the street view (head office was a house ) Seattle was a business building Received a link to apply- I completed but it was one item they only wanted and that was the last place I worked (not entire work history) Received a phone call 289 902-0667 and when I tried to call it back it said  your client ID is not available at this moment but  same with the Seattle number I received another call from Leya saying I did not answer her call so I asked for her phone number so I could call her as it appears as though her phone is not accepting calls She called me back and said they work from a call centre. I said I did have more questions and she said I would be given the name of a manager once I completed the paperwork Paperwork arrived - electronic signed by a Keith Doner as Chief Executive Well - off to be : did not appear in my search Keith did not appear in my search In the incorporation papers it stated logistics but when I dug deeper they could only use cars - not the semi trucks, ships or trains that appear on their website! Red flags everywhere!  This is a way I am going to contact the police in Brampton, Ontario If anyone else received an email / phone message I suggest you also document and DO NOT complete that paperwork! Even my offer letter had red flags No start date - it was left blank They could fire me at any time within the first five days (so my guess is that is when they have their  last urgent -  finance matter like the other people have spoken of where they get you to accept a payment and then send them the money!) flag!!!!!!!
BEWARE, this company is a bank.   They have changed their phone numbers 3 times since then.   Their website claims to be based in Montreal at a fake address (office tower). The last 2 phone numbers were based in Quebec City, Illinois USA.....now Missouri, USA.    If you call the numbers, you 'n't get an answer.    They are sending out fake employment offers the catch being you must process company payments through your personal bank account minus a 5% fee.   NO company would ask their employees to process payments from their customers with their personal bank account. Research this company on BBB, there is also a complaint involving corruption.
Copy of email received: Sequel to the recommendation from our partner Mr. Amberton Williams, I would like to thank you for considering our offer to be the company's representative partner in your region, by assisting Ra'team in representing our business interest and also in the management of investment funds from investors who are located in North America. Based on our recent gas contract with your government, we are looking to start the construction of our oil sand base site for sales and exploration in the North American region, Ra 'l intends to open at least 2 branches in the North America sub-region in the next 12 months. Following our research, we have resolved that we would like to engage an individual or company to partner with to enable begin the first phase of establishment. You shall be charged with the use and management of funds received from both investors and partners as our Representatives in Northern Africa. You will maintain good communication with our investors via all possible means and also represent the company's interest in the region. Our company will want you to concentrate on these transactions and help provide business development ideas within the region for the period. You can find out more about us at: http://raizens.com/ After confirming that the content of this email is well understood in your response message, we shall send you a further email which is our Approval Process confirming your contact information in the right manner and also presenting the details to the board. We confirm in good faith that we are ready to work with you and also we must let you know that for any investment funds you receive on behalf of our company, you shall earn 10% as commission and also you will be placed on a monthly payment of four thousand USD for individual representatives and Ten thousand USD for corporate representatives(suitable for CEO, Chairman, Co-owners) based on your credibility and as long as you are willing to assist our company without any illegal activities. I would appreciate a proper response as soon as you receive this email. Waiting to hear from you. Rubens Ometto Silveira Mello, (Business Manager  and  Chairman) Raizen Energy Brasil info@raizens.com Initial contact from Linked : Amberton Williams
I applied for a job on indeed with the company Aboval Consulting group, it was for a call center, with better than decent pay given current times. I was contacted by another company Delta Cryptocurrency Investment LTD claiming that the original position I applied for isn't available anymore but they have a better position for me as an online reader. I haven't ever dealt with anything like that before but these people basically were willing to hire me without seeing me at all, not even a phone call. When I asked about they said that once I'm done signing the contract and agree to work with them that then I you ll be able to connect with my would be superiors. Also it was written in the job description that my daily tasks would consist of me using my personal bank account to move and send money to their  new clients too. Through this time I spoke with 2 people Cordelia Robinson, she claimed she was the new assistant, I spoke with Luke Enderson who didn't mention what his title was at all but I gathered that he is supposed to be some type of manager and all the while I had the emails from these 2 people in my mind I was later contacted by ANOTHER one of their workers on indeed by the name of Deborah Filtz asking me to send in my resume for that very same position. I should also include that none of these people can be found on any business platform (i.e e...) and no information as to the main office location that I  knew would be now  working at was ever disclosed no matter how I asked. They claimed that because of this the office is closed so she didn't feel the need to share that info even though at this point they were asking me to sign the contract. I you m able to provide and written proof should you need it.
I wanted to report a business case that I came in contact with through Indeed. The business was called Global Solutions Service and someone going by the name Samantha Carlone and then Daniela Lorenz contacted me several times through email about a job position. Without ever having spoken to a real person, they offered me a job as a Financial Administrative Assistant. The position was remote and their last email included paperwork to collect personal information, including my banking information, which they said was necessary for the position so I could process transactions for them. In the email, which were all seemingly automated, there was no address associated with the business, or contact information outside their email. Their website seems very good, which was most convincing for me, because it looked professionally done and included phone numbers for contact.
A lady named amber dragon contacted me. False company. She got my drivers license and bank info for eclipse transport. Erased all history through the app of conversations right after I called the person out on time. Websites deleted  I was offered a job and quickly I realized it was a shame by the physical nature of it
I was contacted by a person identifying themselves as Reaven S      claiming to be from the Sumitomo Corporation for the position of Data Entry Clerk. Caller claimed they selected my resume from a management applicant stack. Caller then directed me to local again for a job section process. I was given some more questions regarding the position and finally with a long pause was offered a position with the company in question. Next i was instructed to "report back online" at 8 am the following day to speak to the IT team. to which i did not as i was already suspicious. Finally the next day after intentionally missing the deadline set by the Google Hangouts caller i was sent a "offer and agreement letter " Asking for personal information and account information. At this point i confirmed this was indeed a    .
I was contacted by a lady by the name of Kim about a remote position within this company. She said their company buy domains and sells using their accounts. She asked me this morning to go to a bank to deposit, and they would go forward with giving me other tasks. But I found an article online from the news of someone with a similar experience. As soon as I heard that I needed to deposit money I knew would be a lie.
told me to do an interview over the phone. caller was from Alberta. His manager is from Ontario. asked for personal identification and to sign a labor contract. then they got me to download a mobile app "Hello". told me to alter my personal bank settings.
The J     called from indeed as the crystal dawn and then named as news network Canada at first it was a customer service representative role after I did the e-sign I got another email talking about Bitcoin and how they will send me money to trade with it for the apparent customer and they have my address and signature only. I asked to do a phone interview or some conference call and I was completely ignored about it. Pay was too good to be true
On December 5, 2020, I applied for the position of Administrative Assistant at a company by the name of Meyer Industries based out of Germany. I initially found their job posting on LinkedIn.com, and was directed to ZipRecruiter.com, another job listing site, where I uploaded my resume to them. On November 6, I was contacted by "Karry Steinier, Head of HR Department (hr@duden.ca)" asking if I was still interested in the position. On November 9 at 9 AM, I received an email from ZipRecruiter that the job posting has been closed. I hadn't responded to the previous email yet and decided to follow-up with them to see if the position was already filled, saying that I am still very much interested. On the following day on November 10, I was offered a job offer to sign before the interview. This seemed out of the ordinary but the email said the signature is a moment before the interview so I read the job offer, which seemed great, and sent the signed copy back to them on November 12. I heard back from them the same day and was told that I will be contacted by their manager for an interview. On November 16 around 1 PM, I received a call from a number from Edmonton, Alberta (7809132852). When I picked up, a man called "Bill" from Green Airport wanted to have an interview with me. I thought it was odd that they didn't schedule a time with me prior to the actual interview but proceeded with it. We talked for about 20 minutes and he said that he would be in touch with me shortly in regards to the application. Almost 2 weeks later on November 27, I received an email from  the Karry,  again saying that my application has been approved. The email contained an Employment Agreement Form and a Visa Form that they asked to sign and return, along with a copy of my photo ID. I was excited that I got the job, got overly excited and returned the signed forms along with a copy of my Ontario Photo ID on November 28. The email didn't have the Job Offer Letter attached to it, and I only thought of re-reading it after sending back the forms. That as s when I realized that a part of the letter seemed blank where it said  " Your company will present you with a credit card for payment operations (5-7 working days). During the probation period, you will be able to receive money in your bank account from our accountants. It seemed strange that my personal bank account was to be involved in company transactions, and I offered the job offer to a friend of mine who is a doctor. He helped me look into the matter and did some research to figure out that this is a case. On their page (www.duden.ca), the links to Twitter, Facebook, and Pinterest did not work nor the phone number listed on the website. All the job openings on multiple employment websites had disappeared as well. That as s when I realized I had given out my personal information  and  SIN number on the Mail Form and the information on my Photo ID  card  to a stranger. At 10 AM on November 30, I received another email from . Karry was  congratulating me for joining their team. It said that my direct head is Purchasing Manager . Hailey Errington (purchase@duden.ca) To  and to contact her to let her know when I can get started and that she will give me all the necessary documents for work. I have not responded to the last email and called the police to see if I can file a report but was told that can only happen if monetary loss has occurred, and was advised to avoid further contact with them. While I haven't lost any money as I didn't actually start working for them, and although it looks like their ultimate motive was to use me for their fake drug card rather than steal my personal information, I also m concerned it may be true now that they have access to it. Then, looking through the emails again, I noticed there was another name  like Voss Moebel,  written next to Karry Steinier's name, which could only be found in the very first email she sent. I found out that there is an identical website under that name (www.vmoebel.ca) claiming to be a small business with offices in Canada (Quebec) as well as in the US (Nevada). Voss Moebel should be investigated alongside Duden.
They reached out to me online (email) advised they saw my profile online  and  wanted to see if i was interested in their ad for a payment card. position. it was of interest so I contacted them  and  away it went. I was to have an phone interview which was very short  and  did not ask the usual - type questions but it seemed ok.  Following that I rec'd an email with the employment agency  and  I had 5 days to sign  my  ; or the offer would be cancelled- that seemed standard. I sent in the papers at the end of the week  On  the following Monday I was sent an email asking that I download the telegraph app as that is how they communicate. I realized it was a what was when they asked me to handle some urgent banking matter- and this was an hour. into my senior period. Such a task was never mentioned in the duties it would be home based. Part of the urgent banking matter request: was that after I rec'd a  deposit of money to my account - than I was to w/d the money- put the money to counter agent wallet through to atm- than scan the account to them. i told them i would not handle this task and asked a few more questions- that they answered-  and  were short responses not quite complete. I stopped communicating after coming into the training period  and  nothing from them either. Never did receive an actual phone call from this -H-agent either. so I contacted my bank person  and  let him know what had happened so he could freeze my account.
A friend of mine in India's brother got offered a job here and things didn't add up. I did some research and went to the Advisor.com and definitely a blog. Fake Job offer asking the person to pay for his own flight and Visa and they would believe him. People are desperate for jobs during this time and this is very low. Lots of this and the About information was stolen from another company's website. I don't believe he lost money yet and I am very glad my friend/colleague reached out to me.                                                                                                                                                                
Reporting as online as as it looks to do to be true and all conversation done via email cannot reach by phone
The process went rather quickly, all within 1 week.     Received an email from Melissa Henderson, LLC stating my resume had been forward to them and thought I would be a great applicant for their company which is a logistics company which was seeking a Customer Care Representative to process payments forms. heir clients and deposit into their corporate bank account.   I was rewarded with a job description and website to review, which at first glance seemed easy - until I examined the mall things.  The company address was of an office tower with no suite or postal code, phone number listed on website was a USA number (Florida) - no one ever picked up when asked,  few spelling/grammar on the website in their "customer feedback: reviews and the Links didn't work. I had a phone interview with someone whom didn't speak so well,  no aspects of my resume were asked/reviewed.  Was asked 2 questions on why I would be a better client...then proceeded to tell me the jobs aspects where I would work from home online, I had to text my boss when I went and returned form breaks, I would for the first 2 weeks, process payments into my personal bank account then forward to the corporate account for "study purposes".  I was then told I pre qualified for hiring and would be sent contract.
i was contacted and asked to move money from one account to another and was promised a 5% bonus forever transaction 1. The customer will send you a payment through the online e-transfer system. 2. I will send you the task with all instructions. 3. After you receive an email from her in your e-mail, you need to deposit the payment to your account. As I wrote to you earlier, you will work with a corporate account and during your probation period you need to complete the task from your account in order not make mistakes. 4. When the payment from our customer  is in your bank account, you need to go to the bank and withdraw 95%. (5% is yours bonus for the completed task from our customer. with each transaction from our customer). 5. Then I will provide you the nearest address  Bitcoin ATM, in which you will need to send 95% to the counter-agent through bar-code. (I'll provide instructions when you are there). P/s. Since our company is closed, you cannot pass information to third parties, as this is confidential information. During your probation period, I will be your personal manager. You will receive detailed instructions and step by step to complete this task. Thus, the process of executing your tasks will not give you problems
so i got an offer of employment letter from this company and training was supposed to start this day, it was an online class with myself and 24 others. we filled out employment forms and banking info. I have heard nothing else since about the rest of my training. Its a work at home position, don't sign up.
I was asked to write a job reference for someone I know, the job being offered looked suspect so I looked into it further and confident it is a secret.
They target you by responding to your job application on Indeed. They hire you, go through a fake orientation. They then send you an insurance transfer or pay money into your personal account. They then send you to their machine at                        the The Last Stand shop. You then deposit the cash, and then send it to a card code they give you.
This individual contacted me via email saying they saw my resume on Indeed.com and thought I would be a good fit for their company.  attached to the email was a job description saying it was for "Customer Care" which consisted of transferring funds from international account to local account.  For this they offered $1200/week for full time employment or $600/week for part time.  There was also a job application attached to the email. This seems like a money making situation that can make me liable if something is unlawful.  Seems to good to be true and sends red flags up.
This company was listed on the website Zip Recruiter looking to hire workers in North Vancouver, Coquitlam, Vancouver, and Toronto. I applied as I already work in Chicago and was looking for another office position. The morning after my application they called me for a phone interview from a Toronto number. I spoke to a woman, she told me she was calling for a pre-screening interview and asked about my childhood experience, where I was born,  my age, and if I was a student. She also asked if I had a criminal record check, I told her mine was over a year old so I would need a new one. She said I could get a new one for the final in-person interview and that she would email me to set up that interview. Minutes later I received an email with a different phone number than the one I was just called by even though the caller had said she would be calling me. The email said that I was hired and would have a profile put on the website shortly. The email also said the company was BBB accredited and had a company address 538 W 24th street, Vancouver, BC,1. I thought it was very strange they would hire me this quickly as I have been hired for this type of position before and when you work with kids you need to be thoroughly tested. I looked up their business on the map and saw that they were not accredited. They also had a separate business address listed 2417 89 Nelson St  Vancouver, BC :7. I went to their website tinyhugs.net (the same website that their hiring email used) and saw a third company address listed 70 Yorkville Ave., Block #2, Toronto, ONT, #1, Email: nanny@tinyhugs.net with a third phone number for their office different than the fourth phone number on the new website. I went to their Facebook page which has forty-odd reviews all written between August and September, all of the reviewers had accounts from random cities in the states, all with less than fifty (some even had zero) friends. All the reviews had weird names as if they were written by him and there were no posts for the month of October. The Tiny Hugs BBB profile was created in 2007 as was the document they sent me regarding my new contractor terms yet most of the views were written a month before this before they appeared to even be a company. On their website, there were only six women listed as winners. A Google image search of the photos of these women all traced back to stock photos most from the same stock photo site. My friend called the phone number listed on the site and a woman answered and said that she was no longer a model for the service but could pass her information on to some girls she knows she'd love. This number was supposed to be to the Tiny Hugs matching service that would give families the profile of three kids that they could have phone interviews with. Today September 3, 2020, one day after I received the phone interview I was offered a position for an Asian family in North Vancouver who wanted an entire live-out and to care for their ten-month-old five days a week. This email was from the same email account with a different address and a fifth phone number 538 W 24th street, Vancouver, BC,, Canada. I looked up this last name in North Vancouver's Yellow Pages and found a man who has no children that clearly would not be looking for a man. During my phone interview, I said I wanted a few hours as I was a student and that I couldn't start until next month and had never worked with children under two. Yet they gave me the listing for a position starting soon with an age group I had never worked with and far more hours than I requested. Address break down: The address on the website is for a vacant apartment in Toronto currently available for lease. The address on the BBB is for a unit in the apartment building 'The Arc' in Vancouver. The address in the email they sent me is for an empty lot in Vancouver. Conclusion: None of the three office addresses are currently owned by Tiny Hugs.
I was contacted out of the blue via email by someone claiming to have a received my email address from Indeed.com as I am currently looking for a job. She said I could work from home processing payments for their company. The pay rate was $23/. +7% commission on each transaction. All I was required to do was fill out the application from with my personal information, and then complete 1-2 initial transactions within the 90 probation period. These transactions were to be done using my personal bank account for "training purposes", and after that a corporate account would allegedly be provided to me. The premise was that clients of the company cannot pay the company directly - for a reason the contact was unable to explain to me - so they deposit funds in my account, and then I send to payment on to the company, less my 7% commission. Seems so simple - too good to be true - and extremely important. The phone number on the contact's email signature, as well as the 'company website' does not work. This seems highly likely to be a money losing front or something.
I received a private message on indeed from a  Miss Nancy Howard about  offering a job for administrative assistant at a company called a Nancy Howard. The message supplied the hourly wage $24/hour and job duties. Upon meeting with interest, I received the below email with a link to apply for this position. The company however is now called international solutions group, and the website does look good, but has a lack of detailed information. Especially for a company that claims to do business with Chanel, Audi, Net arse and other high profile companies. I ran their domain through who.is and the domain isn't that old or established. Also ran their domain on the main site and nothing is coming up for the domain being registered in Japan at the moment. I called the number listed on the website multiple times, but there was no answer and after a min or so you get the option to leave a job. There is only one number to contact for everything including tech support, help desk, sales office, and service desk. My gut tells me this is a car and it takes all the boxes. I never went further to provide any personal information to them aside from my email (which I have marked their emails as such). I do believe that if I had continued with this, I would be asked for bank information and other personal info that would be used to help me. It shouldn't be this hard to find information on a company these days, including an address of their head office or a business number.
I work at                        (in       ) and a client of mine applied online for a Disability Insurance Sales position with Combined Insurance without my support.  The client was contacted for an interview and then was told he would need to pay them $35 to conduct an Alberta background check and that he would also need to complete a State Criminal Record Check.  The client was also told he would need to pay $125 to get his insurance sales license before he would be able to complete two weeks of training.                        has a partnership with the        Police Service and                        to cover the costs of criminal record checks that are required by an employer in order for clients to begin employment.  A letter of offer is required by                      , before the client can go to        Police Services for a record check. The client did not receive a letter of offer for the Disability Insurance Sales position, so I obtained the client's written consent to contact the person from Combined Insurance he had been corresponding with.  The contact's name is Cheryl Millner and her email address is: cher402@gmail.com.  I found it odd that she did not have an email address with Combined Insurance in the domain name, and that, in any of the correspondence she sent the client, she did not have a professional email signature with the company's contact information.  I called Cheryl to request that a letter of offer be prepared for the client so the client could access employment supports for a record check through        .  Cheryl did not reply to me, but eventually got back to the client saying she is unable to prepare a letter of offer.  The client said Cheryl said something along the lines of, "she didn't want to bother their head office with the request."  Cheryl had also told the client in previous correspondence that everyone who works for Combined Insurance is contracted so there is no centralized office. I called the email address Cheryl provided the client and the results came back for a mobile styling salon called "Bare Skin," in Red Deer, Alberta. I advised the client against pursuing employment with Combined Insurance, due to the aforementioned concerns.
This company contacted me through email to offer a job. I was suspect when the email came with a different company name on the from and to section. They offer you and incredible job offer that just seems too good, they are getting better though they give you a laptop, phone, benefits sounds great. Until you see that their are mistakes in the contract. There are questionable statements about bank accounts and cryptocurrency. I received a call from them and they give very little information but they give you documents right away to your account. I looked them up and their is no charity registered in the US and at their email address they use. When they call it will show the right phone number from the site which makes it even more surprising and easy to      ask people. The way they do this creates the false sense that hey they are not asking me for money and they want to pay me so this is good.                                                            
Go fit is a nutrition fitness coaching program that is based in Toronto and promises to give you a certificate once you complete their program which you must $150 for. After you complete their program they promise to give you clients using their app and you are able to make up to $800 a month. After completing the course and writing the final exam in October 10, 2020 I was promised to know my results within 5 business days. After a week has passed I email the company multiple times with no response. After two weeks of continuous emails I realize the website is no longer available and the email address is now invalid. There is no information whatsoever regarding the company and what has become of it. The only information I found is on a forum that gave the company 4.7 star ratings but all of which seemed to be illegitimate. Most reviews I came across said it was a game and it took their money and real coached never got paid. It seems they have run off with their money and did not contact anyone. After researching the company it is noted it did not date back any further than late 2019 but claims to be up since 2008.
Go fit is a nutrition fitness coaching program that is based in Toronto and promises to give you a certificate once you complete their program which you must $150 for. After you complete their program they promise to give you clients using their app and you are able to make up to $800 a month. After completing the course and writing the final exam in October 10, 2020 I was promised to know my results within 5 business days. After a week has passed I email the company multiple times with no response. After two weeks of continuous emails I realize the website is no longer available and the email address is now invalid. There is no information whatsoever regarding the company and what has become of it. The only information I found is on a forum that gave the company 4.7 star ratings but all of which seemed to be illegitimate. Most reviews I came across said it was a game and it took their money and real coached never got paid. It seems they have run off with their money and did not contact anyone. After researching the company it is noted it did not date back any further than late 2019 but claims to be up since 2008.
Last week I was contacted by a woman that calls herself "Jenny". She said they were hiring for social services. So, this is running different programs for people that are super busy with their lives or unable to do so. So, they sent me a website link: www.chameleonconcirgeservices.com I opened it  and  sure thing looked like. However, the next day the website was unavailable. I even asked her if the company was BBB approved, Of course she said yes.  By  looking into it they were nowhere to be found. I was still very curious about what these bunch of women were where up to so I played along. The next day they actually sent me a fake bank draft by email for the amount of $9600 of which I was to take out $4900 to start running the bank. I then contacted her via text  and  said i had the money. Next day she was really trying to get a hold of me  and  I said I was out running my own cars in public transit. She said I was putting me  and  her at risk because I had company funds  and  threatened to call the police. As i wasn't taking any calls she decided to use the Edmonton none emergency police line by ignoring it. I also did not pick that up. I then called the number back  and  it was actually the police number .  the officer said he of any number  and  no one had called me from their station. And because of his .  the lack of a personal vehicle, I was supposed to take an offer which they would buy for the week at $150. As for the pay, it would be $300 per person. I was then instructed to make sure my phone was fully charged  and  I was available on the app called "Amazon" where her "assistant", would send me instructions for the weekend. So, Bill sent me an address which was at the waves coffee shop by the Palliser. I then pretended I was there  and  called back. She then started asking what machines I could see in the shop. In the meantime, Lilly was supposed to send me a card which she did but I missed it so I was on the phone with Jack. So, I asked Clancy what I was going to do, she said we would be paying a bill. So, this bill was being paid by the ticket machine in Palliser. At that point I lost my cool  and  started to curse her out  and  she hang up because she knew they had been busy. Mom quickly blocked me from saying not before me telling her they were good but not the best. Player's number: +12269612097 Kelly's number: +15196942776 Please put this story out in the public so that everyone knows there's a bunch of women here trying to put people in more debt. I have all the emails  and  texts messages to show as proof. Feel free to contact me for more information or if you need clarity on anything.
Received two emails the first was from someone named Linda Adam's claiming that I could move forward with the hiring process once I filled out an online application. That seemed extremely vague in the first place. After several day I received another email from a Maria Manner saying that I had been accepted for a candidate position as an administrative assistant and to fill out all the paper work to start. In the paper work it asked not for any banking information or other normal paperwork to start a job, but for a credit card number and email to e-transfer funds. They also asked for a picture of either my license, passport, or ID. In the second email manner explained that the job included obtaining deposits from different bank branches and moving the funds around.
Dear Better Business Bureau: I have been looking for a Job and applying for lots I can not even remember. I ca- remember that I have applied for a position for a  Quality Inspector. This morning I received a Job offer from kevin.tang@bizpremiumservices.com Indeed the offer was too good to be true. I was excited but something about it was not sitting right. The only phone call I received was from the  +1 778 817 1299  a Lady with an Eastern accent that spoke extremely fast and was rude didn't had a good customer service to begin and was not represent the core values they stand up for. After they ask me to filled and Employment Application form which I did not been suspicious enough I started to have more doubts. I got the Company web address and he informed me this could be a trap. So went to CANADA'SBUSINESS REGISTRIES and in fact there was no results for this company. I also spoke with a friend of mine and she recommend to file a complaint. Its not nice what this people are doing  taking advantage of this hard times where we are in need to find Jobs. Not cool to give false hopes to people. Thank you for your attention
Copy paste of the email I got. Also came directly to my primary account and not junk/fan mail.       Hello, Axis Technology Inc can be described as rapidly developing new tools making business fundamentally based in United states of America. Our services enable our customers to lease info equipment and our company is trying to find a driven employees to merge with our staff. The job would require somebody who has a solid wish to learn data processing market. A few of your responsibilities will be data entry and executing tasks issued by your supervisor. Skills and Abilities:? Power to multi task? Power to do the job within reasonably limited observation? Flexibility? Microsoft Excel know-how is essential? Acquainted with technology? An interest in the information technology and economical markets? Decent oral communication abilities. A fixed clear wage of $3550 each month. Also, Axis Technology Inc provides a lot of added benefits, support courses, resources, knowledge to help staff members live easier as well as less dangerous living at the office or on the road. Past work experience is not required, as cost free training is given. The following is a remote placement with flexible working schedule, indicating you are going to deliver the results from your very own property. In case you'd like to be a part of our very friendly team, please make sure to reply with your resume, number and we will contact you as quickly as possible. Warmest Regards, Byron Pellichero Human Resource Manager Axis Technology Inc    
they are a fake company, they have all the legitimate documents of a job offer, and they will offer you a job and then send you a contract that looks real, but it is fake the company, and the person that it is registered too is all fake.
I was contacted by this company via personal email regarding a job opportunity for a Payment Operator and that they had part time and full time positions available.  The email I received indicated that I was selected as a preferred applicant for the position. I replied to the email providing my resume and indicated I was interested in the position, an interview time was set.  As I waited for the interview I reviewed their company website which looks very good.  This company is supposed to be responsible for logistics for transportation via land, air and sea to which there are loads of regulations that need to be in place. I received the interview call this morning October 20, 2020, I had lots of questions for the interview.  The first question I asked was for more details on the position and how training was set up.  The answer that I was provided with was that there would be a 10 day training period in which I would have to use my own personal bank account to complete company transactions.  Straight away I had alarm bells going off so I told the police that I wasn't comfortable using my own personal account for corporate transactions
The alleged company has 3 potential suspicious websites IPLeaders, IGLeaders and Independent Global Leaders and may be a target. Those websites may be free. They provide false information and try to get your personal information over Telegram app. Those fake companies are not registered business. Please report these websites to protect other people from fraud and potential identity theft. Thanks
I entered an agreement with the shop owner,                    to complete a tattoo apprenticeship program which would take a six-month period of free labor and was charged $3500.  At the end of the apprenticeship, I was assured full time employment.  At the very conclusion of my apprenticeship, my employer fired me without compensation or any of the original $ back, and most importantly, only with criminal intent (she said my lifelong battle with mild mental illness was a weakness and that I wasn't welcome at the store until I was cured). This in itself seemed a cut and dry case of discrimination with the Alberta labor standards and Human Rights, however, due to the fact that she never technically 'employed' me, there's very little the ALS could do for compensation of a wasted 6 months of income, plus the assurance of subsequent income as an artist in her shop.  I am currently trying to resolve this issue with AHR, however, they are having problems managing the company, because it seems the business is no longer registered.  So while my initial intent was to simply try to recover my losses, however, with information I learned while working there - nothing but cash transactions with clients and payment to staff.  Cash only.  This registered as a red flag at the time, but I was hoping to get a job there, so wasn't in a position to question the ethics of that sort of payment, but I had always heard that cash deals were usually associated with this business and in an attempt to                                                   buy  Then I heard about her company being registered as dissolved                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
Classic      ones where they send you some paperwork to fill out promising employment. There is no person or the company with that name on Linkedin or regular Google search
I received an email about a job offer, saying that my resume had been found online without actually applying to the company. I followed up with the email agreeing to an interview and requesting more information, but I had second thoughts and did research on the company (IGLeaders). I could not find them on Google, LinkedIn, Indeed or Not. I found one website ( igleaders.ca ) that reported to be down for maintenance. They provided the lists of companies they claimed to work with, but I couldn't find any partnership information on those websites. The only company that came up with a similar name is one that works with Instagram, and IGLeaders on their one website claims to work with international students. I followed up with an email saying that I was declining their offer. They still sent me an application, contract and vague job description information. On this paperwork it said Independent Global Leaders, which also came up with zero results when looking. None of the paperwork provided described what the company was. They claim to be based in Saskatoon and opening a new office in Ottawa. I asked them for location details and they couldn't provide that. This could be a big company with poor recruiting skills, but I couldn't find anything that can be verified. To me this looks like other employment terms I've read about online.
Contacted saying he had an offer of employment as an Accounts Receivable agent.  Offer too good to be true, especially   for someone with no experience.
I have received a job offer through an email that has claimed that they saw my resume on indeed site. They offered a job without even one interview! they asked me for my home address and when I accepted the job which was supposed to be an online service manager, the person asked me for my bank account information to send me money for buying it!!! I mean they even didn't know me and we didn't even talk for a minute!!! Of course, I refused to do so and withdraw my employee application.
An out of the blue job offer made me research this a little and found it very funny.  The business is incorporated and listed under Ayan Rowe of Scarborough, ON.   Initially, it appeared as usual, but as I'm actively searching for employment and it's a desperate time to be looking with the public, I didn't want to miss an opportunity.  After one exchange via email and some online digging I realized I was being stalked. This is the email I was sent: Meet you, My name is Christina Brouillette and i am a human resource manager at Allcargos Logistics Ltd. On behalf of our company i am very pleased to inform you, that you were selected for a screening process and a chance to apply for a Payment Processor position in your area. This is a highly demanding position with a great career growth and advancement opportunity. Job offer: Payment Processor - Full Time Company: Global Logistics and Experience: Entry level Industry: International Logistics Service Location: Home-based) position Salary: $23.90 / per hour ($51,624 / per year) If you feel are qualified for this opportunity. Please submit an attached "Application Form" at our website following this link: allcargoslog.ca/application.php. You can see detailed Job Description on our website(allcargoslog.ca/cop.html). We will let you know if your qualification is suitable for our company, as soon your application will be received. We will definitely consider your candidacy in the coming time and hope that your skills and abilities will be a valuable asset to our company. Christina Brouillette Hiring Manager Marine Logistics, 55 Town Centre Court, Suite 700, Toronto, ON,. Web: +1-289-809-3485 Website: allcargoslog.ca
Lady asked me in regards to employment with really good wages. Research company and they seem to be here. Lady contact me on company behalf explained the job. She mention that I would have to use my own bank account for payments during training. Said I would receive information from my hiring manager within 15 min. Still waiting.
I was saved by these people offering me a position with the Company as an Operations Manager and would be making $43/hour. I have not filled anything out that they have sent me or sent it back. They are wanting me to send back a void check to my account and an employment agreement according to English law.
I applied for a job, they sent me an application along with asking for my banking info as I would have to deposit money into my personal account and then transfer to theirs..... RED FLAG
They offered me a job making $43/hour to be an Operations manager. did the training and found out they wanted to send me an order and go to the bank and withdrawal it and go to a certain bank and send it to someone in town. fell asleep during the training(having a 10 month old baby is hard work) and woke up to a random offer of $2950. Was a fake letter and now I owe the bank $2950 and have a fraud notice on my account because of these sorry sacks of.......
Dear Sir/Dear, I was initially contacted by email by this company regarding a job offer, the details of which are as follows and attached to this message. Since their initial method of contact and the offer itself seemed very suspicious, I decided to file this report to you. I have not submitted any further personal information to this company, nor have I suffered any financial losses in my interaction with them. Please let me know what you may know about this company, or the result of any further investigation into their legitimacy. I am looking forward to hearing from you. com,               Mr (Mr.) From: alicia.silva@prem-chain.com To:               : Sent: Thursday, September 24, 2020, 6:29:13 a.m. ET Subject: Re: Job offer Hello K    , We acknowledge most of your reply and greatly appreciate your interest in our company. My name is Alicia Silva and I will be your personal manager. In order for us to move ahead in our selection process could you please complete Application Form attached and send it back. You can find detailed information about this position in Job Description file enclosed. Your application will be reviewed within one business day. Best Regards, Alicia Silva Premium Chain Notice of Confidentiality: The information transmitted is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. Any review, re-transmission, distribution or other use of or taking of any action in reliance upon this information by persons or entities other than the intended recipient is prohibited. If you received this email in error, please contact the server immediately by return electronic transmission and then immediately release this transmission including all contents without even distributing or displaying the same. APPLICATION FOR EMPLOYMENT Date of Application: 		/	/ PLEASE FILL OUT THE FORM IN BLOCK LETTERS. KINDLY MAKE SURE THAT THE WRITING IS IT, ESPECIALLY IF YOU ARE SENDING A lot. PLEASE READ BEFORE YOU COMPLETE APPLICATION 1. All of our positions require that you be at least 18 years old and have proof of your education. (High School, GED or College Transcript) 2. Please complete all sections of the application form as the information provided on this form will be used as part of the selection process. 3. Incomplete applications will not be considered for employment. 4. If questions are not applicable, enter  the NA.  PERSONAL DETAILS		  Vacancy Details Date of Birth:       Gender:		   Reference: Male   Female 		   	//TCC/2020 Full Name:		   Job Title: Transfer Control Clerk Address: For internal applications: Staff number: City: Country:			   Senior Manager: UK: Contact numbers:  		Where did you see this vacancy advertised? Home: Mobile:			Have you attached any continuation sheets? Any additional information attached. Source: Email:			Yes No Citizenship: Are you available to work:		   Regular Full-time Part-time, Hours: Mo 				Tu We				Th Fr 				Sa - PLEASE COMPLETE THE SECOND PAGE - Date Available: 				/	/ Are you currently employed?      	   Yes         No If "YES": Company Name: Address: City: 					  State: 		  Work phones: Work days and time REFERENCES Please give below the names and addresses of people to whom we may apply for information about your work, experience and attendance record and indicate your relationship. One of them must be your most recent or current employer (if previously employed). If you have just left college, you may supply details of your Head Teacher/Principal. 1	Most recent employer	2	Relationship:      	3	Relationship: Name: 		Name: 		Name: Address: 		Address: 		Address: ZIP: 		Area: ZIP: Phone: 		Phone: 		Phone: Name: 		Call: 		Me: Email: 		Email: 		Email: Can we contact? Yes   No 		Can we contact? Yes   No 		Can we contact? Yes   No I agree that the above information (and any further information enclosed) is correct and I agree that the Employer may take reasonable steps to verify this information (e.g. by obtaining proof of qualifications). I agree to the Employer processing and retaining the personal information contained on this form for any purposes connected with my application. Signed We are an equal employment opportunity employer. We agree to a policy of making employment decisions without regard to race, colour, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, citizenship, age or disability. We assure you that your opportunity for employment depends solely on your qualifications.
I was called by Melanie Plett, a supposed buyer for a Logistics company (Wrangler Logistics) based out of Winnipeg, asking my interest in an available role they had for a Customer Order Processor. Melanie's email correspondence was brief  and  vague, and the website itself generic and lacking any detail or depth, so I was immediately suspicious but continued cautiously - I was then asked to formally submit an application online, which I did via https://wranglerlogistics.ca/application.php. After that, Melaine called again to confirm my application and set up an interview very quickly, which I agreed to. She called at the agreed time and her approach was immediately suspect - she asked 3 standard interview questions but clearly paid very little attention to my actual answers, and hurried through each one. I seemed to have passed the interview already, because I was then told I would be on a two-week probation period under the guidance of a manager. I was then told, "After this period we will allow you a company bank account, but during this time you're required to process client orders through your own bank account" At this point I stopped her because I wasn't sure of the full system, but I know it's illegal for companies to process their finances through employees personal bank account - so this front is either gaining access to private bank accounts or is somehow running money through them? I told Melanie I wasn't willing to use my own account for company business and she said ok, if I change my mind let her know. That's all of the correspondence we have.
I applied for this job on indeed and they responded to me. The benefits seemed to be a amazing. I started looking into things as I spoke with he manager. There is no information about this company even though it's been around since 1999 they said. The CIA director never had a phone number attached to her emails. The address provided doesn't work for actual Google maps even off their web page and its inbox. When looking on LinkedIn information is few and far between, not sure if her profile was fake. Biggest worry is they want to pay in return but don't tell you this till after you sign the probation contract. They promise so much money weekly pay in the beginning. Lots of red flags for this company. Asked them to call me today to discuss but no phone call so I withdrew my consent and application from them.
I was initially contacted by this "company" out of nowhere. Did not contact me from any of the job searching sites (i.e Indeed, etc.) to offer me a position within their company. After mentioning that I am interested, I got a call from them for a 5-10 minute phone interview. Which was following by a job offer to work from home, asking for banking info, and to sign documentation. Now I did my homework before signing any paperwork, or giving away any banking information. The company is nowhere to be found, on Indeed, LinkedIn, BBB, Glassdoor, or any website that would mention a workplace. I even checked the address on Google Maps to try to find the office, nothing. Also searched the names of the people who contacted me to try to find some info, the list could not be found on Google or LinkedIn. The only information on the name that I found, was that the company was dissolved in 2012. Before accepting any job offer, make sure to do your research first. I've included the initial email I received. Look out for technical errors, and also the minimal requirements needed for such a high paying job. But really, look at the email. If it says email via sendgrid.net then it is definitely a text. If anyone is sending emails through email, then it should say.com, not.net
I have been applying for remote, work from home jobs on Indeed. The day after I started applying, I got an e-mail form a "Thomass" saying "I found your profile on Indeed portal and was really impressed..." and went on to write a very professional looking e-mail including a logo, job description, salary amount and link to their website. The e-mail closed asking if I would be interested in applying for the position and to respond to her e-mail if so. I followed the link to the website and it is very well done and 100% legitimate-looking. I responded to the e-mail asking more about the job and got a fast reply with most of the same information from the first e-mail message, as well as a link to an employment agreement. The agreement was via HelloSign and looked less professional.It did not ask me for my social security number or banking information but did ask for my exact address and an electronic signature. It did include a business number: 867603623 which I looked up and it belonged to a Norstan Canada Company, however, it is based out of Winnipeg MB, not North York as it stated in both e-mail and I believe that it is a mining company not an IT company like the website and job description in the email stated. I then went back to the Website and called all of the numbers provided including sales services and tech support to which there was no answer or automated service.The company is also not registered under the BBB website which leads me to believe that it is not a legitimate company and that this is a way to obtain my SIN number and banking information. It is a shame if it is fake because It would have been my families saving grace. But things that fall into your lap and sound far too good to be true, usually are.
Offered a "Finance Manager"  job with incredible benefits and $28.50 an hour with no interview. The one phone call consisted of pressure to accept the job, download the Telegram Messenger app and refusal to share the company phone number. Was also told a Niagara Falls, Ontario warehouse was opening'soon" and the online job would turn into a bricks and mortar job. Who does this and remain an anonymous employer? Never heard from them again after a series of pointed questions was asked to them on the nature of the job, their expectations and how to can contact them. How exactly do their customers contact them when all phone numbers don't accept incoming calls? I suspect the worst with this company.
An acquaintance of mine received an email with a job offer for "Customer Service Representative" remote position with a Full time salary of CA 1000 or Part time salary of CA 500. They included detailed Roles and Responsibilities and said would provide 7 day training and make salary payment on every Friday, EST. The email was sent via "sendgrid.net" and the website http://norstan.ca was registered only on Sep-17-2020. I checked the Canada Corporations website and found a registered company by this name, but headquartered in Manitoba. I couldn't find any contact numbers to verify these details The person who contacted was "John Jones" with email "hr@norstan.ca" There is a LinkedIn profile by this name which looks to be fake as well as an organization page by this name which also looks fake. The website www.norstan.ca seems like a copy of a Montreal based company http://ingrix.com/index.html, not sure if this is also fake.
Contacted my friend for an administrative assistant job that was work from home and required no experience with a very high salary. There was no interview process. They wanted him to sign a contract and they also wanted his banking information.
I was approached by the above company for employment when I was to start my first day they told me to take money out and put it into bit coin to send to the business. They told me that they were opening an office in London so I went to the location that they indicated would be open by this time and there is no location there. when I asked the individual about this I was told they are going to rent there but at this time have not got the office as of yet.
I have been told that this is the BEST top modeling site in the world! I was told that the money I make is mine, but then when I found out via a phone call that the models only take home 20% of what they are supposed to make and the company takes 80% - that's highway robbery! Next I find out that I haven't gotten paid! I understand that they would take a cut, but not 80%! This is also NOT written on the website of the platform that they use to stream! All it says on the website is that the models / performers get a part of the amount, but NOT 20% ONLY.... Next to find out the 80% goes to OTHER models who make the top 5..... so they are using my money to buy gifts and trips to other models.... not fair..... I didn't work for free and all of the other models are getting paid, so I need my money! As per what I'm told I'm supposed to get is $434.25 US (this is my 20%), but what I actually want is my full amount that I worked those hours for, which in total comes out to $1,789.32! Not to mention the leg work to get my money, because I haven't yet received any payment from them - so my settlement that I want form them at Paradise Lost is $2500.00 US for all of this trouble. I only worked on this site to get extra money to help pay off my debts, but if I had known in advance that they take 80%, I wouldn't have applied to be a model on this site! I found out 2 weeks later (after the date that I started) that the models only get 20% of the pay! Another thing that I was told is that I could apply for direct deposit, but that's not the case - I was informed then about a wire transfer and that was supposed to happen on Saturday, and it hasn't! So, in lieu to this, I am asking for the full payment in the form of a check of $2500.00 USD so that I can get everything back that I earned! I will never bother them again after this. The person in contact is Tommy Gibbs - the second number is his cell phone number, and he says that this is his company. I want my money that's owed to me so that I can finish paying what I need to pay. Do NOT go with this site - they are not honest! They also haven't had me fill out a Tax Form for tax purposes, so he may be doing tax analysis as well. I know in the states they need to provide that.
                 Team Manager AstroLab Tech Consulting Inc#-###-#### Congratulations! You are one step away from start working as Business Manager at our company. You have been chosen from a certain number of candidates, we are glad to welcome you in our friendly fighting team. And wish you to reach great results and always move forward with our company for bigger goals to make best future for all. As it was mentioned before, to help you place yourself in the usual rhythm of the company's work and get training for better work experience in using our systems and accounts, the first 10 business days we will be going through training. The next part of this letter contains details about how it will be going. First of all we keep our interest in best performance of responsibilities both in the branch office and in the home office environment. What does a Business Manager doing every day? We provide IT Services for small  and  medium business, so customers will often contact you with various requests for projects that we are currently doing. Business Manager answer questions and resolve problems. When a customer calls and has an issue that needs to be handled, an agent will usually open the customer's file in the company's computer system. Manager use this information to solve problems and may also make changes to customer accounts, such as to update an address on file or cancel an order. Business Manager also have access to responses for the most commonly asked questions and to specific guidelines for dealing with requests or complaints. In the event that the agent does not know the answer to a question or is unable to solve a specific problem, a supervisor or other experienced worker may help. About your Trial period: 1. We have created a Cryptocurrency wallet for you. Company will provide you corporate money, which you will need to put on your working balance on cryptocurrency wallet. You should know how cryptocurrency works (how to buy/sell currency, how to exchange it, etc...) 2. Once you fill up your working cryptocurrency wallet, you will be connected with your first customer to get information about the order and make practice. We will provide the contacts of our Partner Service providers whom you will contact to buy necessary services at a lower price. Service and products like hosting, sales, apps, domains etc. It is necessary for customers order package. You can get and forward to set up the services of our partners platforms at a lower price, only for business purposes. 3. After that, you will contact the customer and complete his order via cryptocurrencys as payment method, Then you will finish customer order. We use cryptocurrencys for 3 years and we like it because of fast transactions speed and security. As I told you before, you should fill up your cryptocurrency wallet, to start accepting orders from our customers and perform large deals with our partners (partners). There is no fee to receive cryptocurrency, and many will let you control how large a fee to pay when spending. Most banks have reasonable default fees, and higher fees can encourage faster confirmation of your transactions. Our company use cryptocurrency because it is profitable. Cryptocurrency officially regulated by the Romanian authorities. Adding you to our employee database. To make the finance department can include you in the report through its e-transfer you should fill out the paper form in the fields below. We will send you 2-3 transactions through that system. Remember you can't leave empty fields in this form. Your Holder Name: Your Bank Name: Email to accept the transfers: Your phone number: How the process of filling up your wallet will be done: Take and set up your wallet (the task will be fully described). 2.Once your wallet is active, receive corporate money into your bank account. 3.Cash out corporate transfer from the bank. Use cryptocurrency for your wallet at ATM location. 5.Then make a photo of ATM screen with cryptocurrency amount, which will add on your wallet. 6.Take it and send to me as your report. NOTE: When you will successfully finish you will be directed to the page with further instructions. Please follow instructions there to finish registration process and start working. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ABOUT TRIAL PERIOD Your training duties during trial period will be: -Set your virtual computer (get access to accounts and systems we use for work, or create them if necessary with detailed instructions. Company already created cryptocurrency wallet for your work with customers.) -Do testing tasks from given instructions. (accounts, systems, cryptocurrency wallet, personal tests etc.) The required starting balance for the cryptocurrency wallet (company will provide funds) customer interaction practice (contact the customer, take his/her order, analyze the order, report the order value) has already created products and services for customers (with provided accounts and cryptocurrency wallet, instructions and support) Examples of services and products which you may purchase for customers: -Web Design . Database  -Set up VoIP number  -Database Servers  -Stock exchange services  -  -Virtual private servers  NOTE: Most of this products after purchasing needs to be set up correctly to make them work. You will get training to understand this process, and be able to operate yourself if necessary, but it will not be one of your daily duties. Mostly it will be directed for further configuration to specialists. Training tasks and actual work from the home office is fully online, except some cases (technical issues). In this cases you may be asked to reach certain locations within your local area to complete your duties. This may exceed expenses on the part of the employee, the company intends to cover these expenses in full after the submission of a report on the expenses. End of additional information about Trial Period.
I received the following email: My name is Melanie Plett and i am a human resource manager at Wrangler Logistics Inc. We offer you an open position in our company: Customer's Order Processor. For Part Time or Full Time options are accessible. This is a position inspection below: -Primary duties are to take care of advice from clients. Monitor files and provide feedback on level of quality. the with clients payments reporting. Requirements and abilities: -good oral and written contact, abilities for all stages of the organization. -entry level computer skills including a word. -ability to travel once in a while (only available). Our company delivers a competitive and complex deals such as: -vacation pay, paid time off -full medical coverage -career growth and opportunities -profit sharing plan Salary Estimate plus bonus deals: $26.30/h for FT   $21.80/h for PC My best to you, Melanie Plett I had a brief back and forth with this person, each time receiving a new email instead of a direct reply to my previous message. They followed up with a seemingly impressive job offer and said I fit their profile, but the job seemed to require next to no real skills and no education, while I have a masters in physics. I asked where they got my info and they ignored me the first time but the second time told me they receive info from multiple companies and couldn't tell me where. They sent me an application via their seemingly empty website (although in my own searches I was unable to find this online, and the only mention of the company was on a registry website) and the application was filled with bad grammar, although didn't ask for anything most job applications don't (and trust me, I've filled out  a lot  of job applications). All in all, I've been applying left and right for even decent entry level jobs to no avail, so an offer for somewhere I didn't apply seemed highly suspect. Everything about it was suspicious, but it took me a bit to decide with certainty it was a trap, as the whole thing was really quote well done. The email format followed standard formats with real work departments I've spoken with, the job description was in a familiar format, and the phone number, registered company address and stated address all lined up. Something about it felt off since the beginning, but it took a few emails before I was convinced it was fake
I am filing complaints against WFG insurance. I was working in a office as an agent and the owner of the company started talking to me about WFG and she told me that how I can pursue my career in it and she told me you you ll get good training and she just forced me to go for it and just cause I did not have enough knowledge I got sucked into this situation she put my name under his son's recruiting so that he will get the commission or whatever. Later she stopped coming to the office and when I try to contact her there she s no response back and I have no idea what I'mona do. I paid 146.90$ which the claim to be as registeration fee. Right after this enrollment I checked that they are fraud so many people have complaints against them. All I want is please give me my money back, I work hard for it.
Hi, I actually got a job offer from a company called CYMPA Investments Inc. Website- https://cympainvestments.com/en/contact.html for Asset Manager position. I was contacted via email for a job offer and asked to register by signing an agreement. Later, I realized that they are not available via phone and their physical address is not even coming up on some map.The agreement looked simple.
I was looking for jobs on indeed. The positions was for an  unpaid administrative assistant but  for  an or Emily Adamson. 2 days later I was contacted via indeed asking for my name and email address again. Then all the positions posts were deleted. Later I got an email to my personal email address saying it was possible for me to be accepted and my position would be for a Transactional Assistant for National Business Solutions. I started researching the company and it was a complete ghost. They provided a full website in my email but it was not really page and the the job in the link was too good to be true and seemed silly saying I would  only receive money and then  to do a task.  I'll provide a link to that job offer page as it is not connected to the business site. There is no physical address information. And no one answers the phone number listed on the site. The websites was only created according to who.is on 09/08/2020 which is the same day I applied for the job. https://nationalbusinesssolutions.ca/assistantposition
Offers employment. No interview conducted.
                wants to know if I want to collect any accounts for them. I said sure  They sent me the application nothing personal and the first account they want me to collect is for $        100 and the guy knows I am looking for him. This fellow                   cop is now wanting all my bank info birthday and three pieces of gum and wants to send me a check for $      .the killer is Saiko wants to pay me $      100 per month, with a 5% recovery fee  on $        @  5% is $         look to good to be true My question is why can't                  I Pay Saiko and they can Save $       
I was contacted by a company at random saying they found my resume online. Both emails I have received mention I need to provide a void check before I get started. However I can find no information on this company that has been in business for 5 years, which claims partnerships with major corporations in Canada. They did not specify which website they found my resume, nor can I find their company profile on any career website I have a profile with.
My resume was found from them on a website.  I had posted on several looking for employment at home.  The bank representative sent me an email offering me the job of a Business Manager.  I was eager and excited to learn something new.  I would work 40 hours a week making $1300.00 a week.   I had to first set up a wallet for          the cryptocurrency, because she assured me that this was very legal and an easy way for them to deal with customers and they made a profit.  So I worked for them for 2 days sitting talking and back and forth with my parents.  The same person's assistant called me to do an interview over the phone.  They tried on several occasions to send me $2000.00 via e-transfer but none of them were ever accepted.  I sat patiently working with this lady for 2 days from 9 to 5.  I was supposed to be wearing the $67 I used to set up the wallet.  Didn't receive a cent from them.
 Dear Sir/Lady, yes!                      He connected me through          and informing me that there is a great opportunity with his company -    Silk Energy Company Limited base in Alberta Canada as International Agent. After I submitted my resume to the email he was provided and later on his was identified himself as Mr. D. Smith, Exploration Manager of the said company. At first, I was directed to look for the manufacturing company in Southeast Asia producing Viscofluid product which I did and according to them as recommended by the Canada Association Chemicals. After that, I was advised by Mr. Stuart  to request a 20 page sample to the company in Malaysia and it will be the cost amount to $1,600 upon signing of the contract (Hard copy) in Canada. On 30 June 2020, the product had been delivered to Silk Energy Limited with postal address at Station Main,, Alberta Canada which was confirmed by Mr. Stuart. On the details and instruction, I was informed that the product has successfully conceded various laboratory tests - ISO and ISO test methods. With that, I was directed again to make available 1 Drum of Gold product to be used for the inauguration program in which I cannot afford it amounts to $16,000. At this time, I thought that it might be a fraud or any form of fraud that's why I started effort to verify the legitimacy of Silk Energy such as Business Name, Registry ID, and Office Location and it turned out to be Silk Road Energy Inc. This time I asked him why it is written with the given name, he clarified that is CUPID I don't know about it. Since I did not agreed with his answer, I asked him to avenge all the costs incurred of these transaction but not limited to i.e cost of sale of the product plus commission, office set up, 1 year payment for secretary and accountant, and health and moral damages but he replied "This will certainly make your position vulnerable".                                                                                                                          
I received an email from the company wanting to hire me as an Customer Order Processor. It is a work from home position. They had me fill out an application form then contacted me for a telephone interview. The lady I spoke to was very soft spoken and I felt like she was reading off script. She then began to tell me that there will be a 10 day probation period, during this time of working for them I will be required to use my own bank account for receiving funds then after the 10 days they will be providing me with my own corporate company bank account. They want to me to fill out a contract, provide them with my banking information as well as a copy of my driver's license. I cannot find a legitimate website for the company or any information backing the company up.
I received a job offer indicating I would make $35 per hour without an interview. When I asked for the company address they were hesitant to give it to me. I accidentally sent a file with a copy of my text to them. When I looked them up with the FBI I found out they are a team. The address on the BBB is in Denver Colorado
After applying for a job on Indeed I was contacted by a company called CCT Limited. The company claimed they wanted to hire me as an assistant manager, full time, with a pay rate of $5000 today ($3500 today) per month. I provided the company with my full name, date of birth and address in preparation for this new job. Unfortunately I later discovered through a recent article that this company is not legitimate. The company asks you to create a Fair Trading account which they can then access for their own personal purposes. The name of the person who contacted me from this company is Carla Connolly and she claims to be an IT manager. I would like to note that this company also uses a Canadian address and claims to be operational in both Canada and the United States. The postal address listed by this company is  308 E 5th Ave E, 2nd floor, Vancouver, BC, ONT2, Canada.
I had my resume on Indeed.ca, and I was contacted by this person in regards to employment. They had me fill out a form on their website including copy and present my resume, and then they conducted a short telephone interview that did not seem right because the person on the phone only asked bare bones questions (how long have I been employed, etc.). No actual questions about my qualifications. The person then advised me that my personal bank account would be used to process payments during a particular period. They have my full name, my e-mail address, my resume, and other information that I had to provide during the application.
I was searching for a job online, submitted my job application to multiple companies, yesterday I got contacted by this company via email offering me a position in their company "if I was still interested", I reviewed the information they provided and continued with the employment process. After signing the Labour Agreement contract and giving to this "company" my information they told me I was going to be on a trial period of 14 days, after day 1 of doing what I was requested on the job, they requested this procedure of funding a client's account through these common currency funds. I got stolen my information and $500 in the process. FIRST EMAIL "My name" On the job board INDEED your resume has been included in the list of candidates suitable for our new position! After our HR Department examined in detail the list of proposed candidates, they selected several suitable candidates in your region and you were among them. If you are no longer interested in finding a job or we received your resume by mistake, please let me know. If you are interested in finding a job, please take some time and read our offer, maybe this is exactly what you are looking for! I contacted you to find out if you are interested in the position of PAYMENT MANAGER at Morefield Logistics Services LLC. You can work FULL-TIME or PART-TIME. You can also COMBINE WITH OTHER JOB. Our company provides excellent salary and excellent rewards. Here is a job overview listed below. PRIMARY FEATURES: - Core duties are to take care of bills from customers - Process data files and give feedback on level of quality of data that affects our ability to satisfy our client needs KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS: - Willingness to work in a very creative atmosphere - Excellent oral and written communication, techniques for all levels of the organization - Good general knowledge for example Microsoft word - Ability to travel in some cases (still available) WE PROVIDE COMPETITIVE COMPENSATION AND YOU, SUCH AS: - Paid holidays, life insurance coverage - Full health protection - Career advancement and possibilities - Rising wages - Profit sharing plan - A lot of free time - Laptop with software ESTIMATED SALARY RATE PLUSE: - $28.40 per hour, full-time - $24.40 per hour, part-time VACATION: - Up to 10 days a year in the first year of work - Up to 14 days a year after one year of work - Up to three weeks a year after five years of work     Please describe your interest on a 10-point scale where 1 is not at all interested, and 10 is absolutely interested. Based on your answer, I can understand whether it is worth sending detailed information about the vacancy and continuing the hiring process. Me: If you are interested: Yes, 10. If you are not interested: Not, 1     If you are interested in this position I will send you detailed information about the company, location and position. Best regards, Victoria Jones SECOND EMAIL "My name" I am a Manager of HR Department of Morefield Logistics Services LLC. My name is Victoria Jones. Please read the information below. Here you will find all the information about the company, location, trial period and position. We help consumers worldwide establish address for package orders. Our head office is located at 888 Main St, Vancouver, BC,4, Canada. Our human resources department found your resume on Indeed job website. We reviewed your resume and offer you a great opportunity to become part of our large company. During the winter, you will be working from home. Before you start working in our company, you must complete the trial period. You will start the trial period after signing the agreement for a period of 14 days. During the trial period, you will work remotely from any convenient place for you, online. Our company provides each candidate with a laptop, printer and software for remote work. As soon as you complete the trial period, we will send a confirmation that you have completed the trial period and a letter with an official invitation to the new office. A new office will open in your area in the first half of September. Please follow the link. This is a job description: Job Description.pdf If after reading the job description you were not interested in this position, please write to me NOT INTERESTED. Then we will contact another candidate. At the moment, we have several candidates for this position.     If you have serious intentions for this position and you are ready to become part of our large company, write about your interest. As soon as I get a response from you, I will send you all the necessary information for the employment process. Best regards, Morefield Logistics Services LLC, Victoria Jones Company name: Morefield Logistics Services LLC Industry: International Logistics Service Head office: 888 Main St, Vancouver, BC,4, Canada. Company number: +1 (778) 767-0983 Company website: morefieldus.com THIRD EMAIL "My name" Your answer made it clear to me that you are ready to work in our company. I am reading the LABOR AGREEMENT document to this letter. This is agreement for the trial period (14 days). After successfully completing the trial period, you will be offered new long-term contract for this position. You must complete the employment process. I sent you step-by-step instructions so that you can provide me with the necessary information for the employment process. PLEASE FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS: 1. Please follow the link. This is a labor agreement: Labor Agreement.pdf 2. Print, fill out and send me the first page of the contract. 3. Print and sign the last page of the contract. 4. Please take a photo of yourself where you holding the last page of the contract (Make sure your face is clearly visible and all contract details are clearly visible). Best regards, Morefield Logistics Services Ltd, Victoria Jones
The person gave me a job interview Over chat on local pages, I was hired right away. They told me to come back the next day for more info, they said they would send a team to buy products for the training. I deposited the check and they told me to buy gift cards with the money that was available with the price the gift cards would be so they can install the software I needed for training, I bought them and they asked for the code on the back which I gave them they asked me to buy more with my own money and it would be delivered through the check.
I received an email from a Samantharocca@quantumtrans.ca, a Brand Manager from Quantum Transport Inc. She shared information regarding a 100% remote job offer for an operations controller. The compensation amount offered and ability to work remote for company based in Nova Scotia, while I am living in British Columbia did not make sense. The email was also filled with spelling mistakes and bad grammar. I was also confused as to how my email address was obtained by this call manager as i don't list my email address on any of my social or networking profiles (indeed  my  ;) Wanting more information, I responded to this email advising i was interested in hearing more. (The company was impossible to find via Google, no reviews, no social media pages) and almost responded instantly with a link to a new looking website for Quantum trans, this link directed me to the fake job application where i filled in fake basic details (there was no request for a resume or cover letter within this job application) and  also reviewed about  my application and she instantly organised a phone interview for the following Monday. Sarah was an hour late to contact me for the interview and did not follow up to advise she was delayed. I attempted to phone her on phone number listed on her email signature (which exactly is the exact same number listed on the website for customer service?) The number was not real and did not connect to any body. I eventually received a call from somebody claiming to be from this company to conduct the phone interview but oddly it was not  some andr  whom i was previously corresponding with but a different hiring manager from the  same call centre guy. They had a thick accent, possibly middle eastern and i could barely understand what they were saying. They asked me two very generic interview questions, if i had experience working in operations and 3 of my skills, that was it. The call lasted only 10 minutes. They mentioned something about setting up a corporate banking account, possibly involving a fee to be paid (but her accent was so thick i did not understand) Moments later via email i received a job offer containing a fake contract from Jonathan. They wanted my ID and banking details. I asked for them to verify their business and they provided no business description. This is when communication stopped. Im sure after sending my personal details that they would Have attempted to obtain funds..
I was applying for warehouse positions and I received an email stating that I did not get the position but they had another position they offered me as a job poster for indeed.ca his name was Mavin Bickford but when he signed off at the end of the message he signed it Mavin Bedrew, seemed odd then he wanted my personal information such as full name, address, cell phone number, current occupation, who I bank with, and what email do I receive messages from. So that they could pay me either $250 a weekly or $500 bi-weekly or $1000 a month my choice and they wanted me to do it for the next 12 months as a side job. And not knowing I gave them my information and posted an ad on it and one for myself but it seemed super odd considering he always ended his sign off with your The consultant/IT manager at CI investments Inc.
This company reached out to me claiming to be offering an opportunity to become one of their brand ambassador in exchange for free jewelry, via Instagram direct marketing. This seemed unusual to me as I only had a small Twitter account, with only a few photos of me on it, most of it was of nature - an odd choice for a jewelry company. The catch seems to be that you are expected to pay for the shipping. They also explicitly stated that there was no contract, which to me seemed suspicious as that almost always benefits the company, not the owner. Once I responded to the most direct message, I was flooded with responses from the supposed "Brand Manager". Again, strangely eager. When I said "I think this is a deal", they responded with a stock message about "understanding my situation", even though I had directly accused them of being a liar and using classic "brand ambassador" sales tactics. I imagine a real brand would take great exception to being called a name and simply stop being that potential ambassador - they didn't seem to mind at all. I hope others have not been caught up in this, as even after I searched the internet for information on whether this was a lost opportunity or a trap, nothing came up. I can see how unfair this is. Thanks for your help.
I was contacted via email about a job opportunity for operations controller for a company called Quantum Transport Inc. It was listed as a remote job with a job description and application. Then I was asked to send my a void check and ID to process my earnings. They asked that the ID had the ID number and my birth date checked out. I did that signed an employment contract and then I communicated with the new trainer Samantha Rocca who said she would walk me through my training. She stated that I would need to receive between $1000 at first to my bank account during the probation period. Then I would withdraw the money and transfer the money to the company through a local ATM. I asked if it was legal and she stated yes it was but I felt uncomfortable and contacted the Better Business Bureau and they indicated more than likely this was not a legitimate practice and they had heard of similar schemes. I asked that to destroy my information and that I was uncomfortable with this as it sounded like money talking. She said she would destroy my information but I will contact my bank and passport office to ensure that my information will not be compromised.
I was contacted by the company, told they'd reviewed my profile on LinkedIn, and thought I could be a potential candidate for the job of Operations Controller (a remote position). I called back saying I'd like more information on the job and company. They sent me the website address and I checked everything out. I applied and was contacted about a phone interview for the next day. During the interview, they started off asking typical questions like "Do you have experience in this role? What was the last position you held and how long were you there for? What are your 3 biggest strengths?" Everything seemed fine until she started talking to me as if I'd already gotten the position  and  no talking it over with others, no offering it to me and letting me have the final say. Then she explained that I would be doing a two week trial reporting directly to a manager. During that two weeks, they would get me set up with a company bank account, but it would take the full two weeks so I'd be paying all expenses through my own personal bank account. I told her I was not comfortable with that, and she replied it was a requirement of the job. I made it clear this was not going to work and hung up.
The name goes by               not offering a WFHO Assistant position. She sends you the contract which asks for your address, signature and a record of you holding the contract. She asked me go to a local Bitcoin ATM take a picture and learn how to use it so her  old client you  can transfer you money to your account and then convert it to Bitcoins. I did not proceed with that last request.
I was contacted by email directly from an organization called Broadway Staffing solutions which viewed my resume on Indeed. I proceeded with the application as usual. All communication was conducted through email only. They are really not only having contact through email only. As the application proceeded I found a few things to be out of the ordinary. I immediately noticed the website was a fake especially with the photos of their personnel. I even know the website they used to obtain  photos of their so-called employees. I called the phone number provided on the application and it would go dead, not even an answering machine. I even called during their stated business hours which is 9-5 and still the line went dead. I looked up the Mississauga address provided on the application and the address appears to need a unit number for it to be valid. I was handed an employment agreement form in which case i had requested to speak to a real person. I was sent an email in response to my request which stated i have to sign the form and then Mary Patterson would reach out by phone. I replied that I would not be signing anything unless I speak with a person, specifically Mary Patterson. It's been most 2 weeks since and nobody has contacted by email or phone. According to the emails. I was communicating with Mary Patterson. I honestly believe there is no such individual. The person that was communicating with me is not a native English speaker. With a name like Mary Patterson it is highly unlikely for major statistical errors to occur. I also noticed that the website bssinc.ca was registered on a server June 17th 2020 which happens to be a whole 6 days before I was contacted for a job opening, which is strange because according the website they have been in business for the last 5 years. If they truly have been in business for that long the company would have much more of a presence on the internet. I had a hard time finding any information about the company and what they actually do as an organization. I am more than happy to send the items that were sent to me by my and solutions
illegal recruiting
Contacted me asking whether or not I was interested in their new position for Finance Manager with their company. She said that they had both full and part-time positions available. The first red flag was that in her list of requirements and abilities to be considered for the position were non-extensive for such a high up position, basically just that you had to be 19+ with administrative skills. They promised full benefits, Lots of vacation pay and life insurance. Promising above average pay at $50 an hour. I replied that I was interested so I could gather some information to determine whether it was a legitimate business or not, and she asked me in the following email to fill out an application and send it back. I was not about to give them any of my information but after extensive research online I found that it is a big story. They also had my old last name and email address so I wasn't quite sure where they even got my information from or how they knew that I was looking to change careers. I did look up the business through the CRA and there is a Golden Way transport Inc. since the 60s but they are using the name.
I am writing this complaint against one of their's offices located on 3860 Ave.  Nord-dure, Saint-Laurent, Quebec,4. I am complaining due to the following reasons : -	Violating privacy by stealing contacts lists from my personal cell phone -	Being short in the terms being used -	Lack of training or learning, unlike what was promised -	Getting new users to pay fees for apps and activities -	Forcing kids to buy financial products or sell them to their families -	Being rude if they don't comply and intimidating/recruiting access to Canada
As I was going through the list for my local buy  and  sell page on Facebook, I came across a listing for Data Entry work. The wage stated was $32/hour. I knew this was way to good to be true. The woman that listed the ad went by the name of Margaret Hamiltion. I asked her how someone would go about applying. She said that I would have to download Google Hangouts and she would refer me to the hiring manager and that I would be undergoing a question and answer session through texts via Facebook. The more questions I asked, such as which company this was for, the more upset she became. She said that it was through Adecco. I searched through the job list for Adecco. They do have data entry positions but definitely not for that pay. I decided to check the BBB site to see what kind of cars have been in my area and there were a couple that fit this situation to a tee. I have seen this same posting under different names as well. As soon as I started to ask more questions, the post was deleted.
I've been applying for jobs through Indeed and had sent a resume to an ad for a position at "Joe's Autobody Repair Ltd". The only reply I got was directing me to send my resume to another company. So I did, thinking they had used some sort of security agency for something. I was contacted by "Kayla Alexander" who sent me a long email with horrible grammar and strangely spaced sentences (see attached) which struck me as odd because her LinkedIn profile says she has a Masters degree from McGill. They were offering 1080/week CAD, for full time work and said it's a remote work from home job for a Customer Service Agent. At this point, I went to their website which lists the likes of Tim Hortons, Audi, RBC, etc as clients. I looked up their address in Google maps and it appears to be a run down mall with no office space nearby. They couldn't even be bothered to type out the full postal code. I then called the number (within "business hours") and a robotic male voice with a British accent basically gives you the run around and ultimately tells you to leave a message. By this time "Dad" had called me back with more information telling me that the probation period is basically just simple tasks used to "assess" work. There are also strict regulations about not doing any "side issues" and having to be in constant contact with the supervisor during business hours. They never interviewed me, just read my resume (presumably) and then offered me a ridiculous amount of money for what should be a minimum wage job. I've attached the screen shot of the original email reply, but I have saved the messages if needed in the future. They don't have any information other than what is on my resume, and I didn't click the link sent to me to "register".
A person who apparently worked for the company posted a job opportunity on Linkedin. I applied to  info@bruno-fratelli.com and then received confirmation to do a phone interview. I completed the whole interview and had to answer some questions within 30 minutes. Then the person started to contact me by text message which I thought was a little odd. They called me an agreement and asked for identity, bank account number and confirmation of a utility bill. As I was expecting payment I provided all of this to them including my passport. The person texted me and advised that I would be receiving funds in bank and goods shipped to me to start work (online transfer position). I never saw or heard anything and the job was supposed to start on June 15 or before. I attempted to text and call the number, however there is no answer and now no call. The whole conversation I had with the person is fine, however their messages have completely disappeared now. I have attempted to email four times now and have received no response.
I received an employment offer from this supposed company. The position needed no prior experience and the job title was vague. When I conducted a background research, I found some results but was not sure if it was this company. They had not provided me their company website in their email. I signed some contracts and agreed to work with them. They asked for my passport first page which I did not give. But sadly, I was dumb enough to give me a scanned copy of my driver's license. They suggested that I make a personal account and that is where most of the job-related communication happened after I accepted the job offer. In the job offer, I was told that this was a remote position and but I was told to focus on my first job task. They claimed that they had made some checking accounts for me and needed me to withdraw the money they sent me on my bank account. I had already visited a convenience store to "activate" my checking account by losing $20 dollars. It was after this I had to go withdraw the cash from my local TD bank after which I was instructed to deposit that money into a Bitcoin machine. I was also instructed to not tell the clerk at the bank that I was withdrawing for nothing. After I had deposited the money into the ticket machine and had the deposit, I got an email from them inviting me to call a certain number to complain that the money was not deposited. When I refused to do so, because I was being told to lie, I suspected this was all a game. After I sent the manager a reply strictly saying no, she replied in an aggressive manner and tone threatening me that this was my job and I was on my "trial period' and that I have to do this. I immediately left the place and went home. Later, I replied that I cannot continue the job while travelling as I had no transportation of my own and had to take transit. After that, they had released some money to my bank account which I refused to pay back and threatened them that I was going to report them. I did not accept the deposit in my bank account and eventually the deposited money got cancelled. After that, I did not hear back from them.
I received a job offer from them saying that they had found my resume online. They offered me a job even though I did not have any experience. The description of the role was also very vague. I also did some background research on the company and found nothing. So, I think this is completely a trap. When I replied to ask more information about the role and the company, they sent me some contracts to fill that I did not do because they asked for personal information such as my driver's license.
I applied for a job and they called me back about interview and training. I had to sign forms and take a picture with them. They called me for a small interview and then tried to jump start me into what they called training. They wanted me to accept money and transfer it into a filing machine for their clients. What started off as what seemed as awkward company meetings quickly became apparent as a money - ride. They also have you download an app for your 'training' and say the only contact we will have is through email and no other contact
The so called Web Desk contacts you offering a virtual job and provides you with an ID. You install an app called Telegram where Amanda Linfield will give you an instant telephone interview. After the so-called interview, Amanda will tell you she will speak to her hiring team and get back to you. She will then message you a few minutes later saying you got the job. Will then tell you that the company will be providing you with the funds you will be using in purchasing the software you will be working with. The check will cover all the equipment you need to start the work with. Problem is the case is where so you have now purchased all of this so-called equipment with no way of getting your money back from them.
Emilia Peterson reached out to me with multiple emails about a job offer for Customer Service Rep position at Derbens Service LLC. I requested to visit the office and meet her but she refused to do so due to Covid-19. Derbens Service is not registered on air. Google maps does not recognize their business name nor location. Other victims have been identified via             . One victim mentioned that they were asked to use their personal bank account to process company's payments.                                                                             
This person contacted me by mail and said saw my resume by indeed, he identify like Chelsea Sullivan Human Resources Manager   Territory Supervisor Blue Skyway Corp. 89-2651. Send me many more e n with description about the job and the application. They ask about the insurance name but I didn't said that information.
I received an email regarding an offer of employment  however, after the manager had collected all my personal information and I sent back the signed contract, she sent instructions for withdrawing cash from a waiting ATM machine.. 
I signed up for a "marketing position" with Crazy Remote Media, who promised $300/month (paid weekly). However, after a couple of weeks with no payment to my PayPal, which I sent them the information for immediately, I followed up. They gave me the run-around for weeks, until they stopped responding to my emails altogether and have not followed up with a way to identify the missing payment. They've had access to my Facebook account for their own profit, yet have not contacted me for the access. They owe me about $450 and have yet to pay me.
Offered work at home position filled out a number of documents provided my drivers license. Next email congratulations on job wanted my banking info and I would receive customer payments and deposit into my currency accounts. Phone is disconnected
I received an email on 22 May 2020 said: "Your Resume was reviewed by our talent acquisition team via (SMS) and your Executive skills are a perfect fit for the open position with us. Welcome to eOne, The attached information is a comprehensive report about the job position, terms of your employment relationship with us and instructions to assist you get aboard our work team program. You are to go through all information provided carefully, Once done with your training, You are to email your interview manager Mr. Nick Gawne with your current location and Ref code at the bottom of the page on your job and for requesting to get started again. Have a nice day! Regards, Jackie Rubin SVP, Corporate Communications eOne.
They contacted me saying they saw my profile online and want to hire but there were some red flags. Asked me to fill a pre interview form, i did. They immediately sent me a link saying my contract is on the link. The link is weak and the company's website is only a month old
"Rochelle Carter HR manager" offered me a home based job as a asset manager via email. The company has no web presence except for their website. They make you sign a contract before you can speak with anyone on the phone, and before you have an interview on the phone. When you call them, you get a computerized voice on their lines. I was told not to call them, they will answer my questions via email. She stopped teasing me when I voiced my concerns.
This company reached out to me via email. They said they wanted to hire me. They claimed that they support other companies and provide tech support. And they use the second platform. I started the job by communicating with so called "Michael People" using the app Telegram after I signed a contract. She said I had to transfer out 100 to 100, convert that to one, then transfer that to a local wallet, then to the company wallet. Then they sent 3000. 2900 was then transferred out and they paid me the 100 dollars. BMO (bank) then flooded my account and I lost access. They deleted all communication on Telegram. Once a user leaves the conversation thread, Telegram does not keep conversations on their servers.
I received an email for an offer for employment.  The second email I received this am requested my personal information and that I would receive my assignment and a certified degree.  This is when I became suspicious thinking the phone would bounce and I would be liable for the funds.
Applied for this job via indeed. They contacted me saying I qualified for a remote job and started asking me to send direct deposit info, passport info, drivers license etc. Fill in a tax form with my sin number included. My red flag went up, I could not find anything on their company other than their site and the address stated there is for harbour center. I called harbour center and their security said there was no business there by that name.
I received this in my email..."I'm Mrs Veronica Winkler, The Talent Source Manager at Booking.com.  We Reviewed your Resume online via Indeed. We have an opening for the following positions: Accountant, Book Keeper, Data Entry, Financial Analyst, Customer Service, Administrative Assistant, Call Center Representative, Technical Support, Chief Financial Officer. As a result of your application, we are impressed by your history of good skills, and we would love to speak with you about the new available positions we're creating on our global marketing team. This company offers medical and dental insurance, long-term disability, sick leave, life insurance, 401K, and profit-sharing are available. Each of the positions is paying $20.00 - $35.00 per hour plus incentives. You are required to setup a Skype account and invite me on line on bookingdesk101@gmail.com and send a message right away to proceed with the job training and interview as soon as possible. Your identification code for the interview is #BOK017 and this would serve as your identification number throughout the online hiring process. This interview will take place online and training is available. We look forward to hearing from you Best Regards, Booking Inc." I was skeptical but i went through the online interview and said i wanted answers and i did not give any personal info out.While i was waiting the requested 45 min to get an "answer" i found another one of these (similar) on the BBC website from April 2020.  I then sent it to this Veronica and asked her if she could comment. She did confirm that any software needed would be paid for by them in form of sent money (see other info that i found on me). Why not just send the software?.. I am highly experienced and this job would have been very needed and a perfect opportunity for my family and I (I also would have been a GREAT asset to the position). It is really unfortunate that these opportunities are not realistic and sad that people still prey on others like this.
I was applying to jobs at the end of May 2020 knowing that I could be laid off due to COVID-19. I was searching for jobs on indeed.ca and saw a job opportunity for an "Administrative Assistant" position. I applied for the position and about a week later received an e-mail that stated: Good Morning, Thank you for applying for the Administrative Assistant position we posted on www.indeed.ca. While we have recently suspended filling the said position as a result of the COVID-19 global crisis, do find below a safe and temporary position that might interest you: COVID-19. This position is structured with COVID-19 safety measures in mind, it is part time and an opportunity for professionals, students and self employed individuals who are currently not working (or working) and would want to earn an additional income. With the current Global Survey going on, we are looking for places to assess firms in major cities in Canada. Reporting to the Evaluation Recruiting Officer (ERO), (the) COVID-19 report will be required to assess whether or not safety measures instituted by WHO and currently being implemented by the Canadian Government is being followed in order to fit the COVID-19 curve. Each COVID-19 application will require a client review and protected client site visit. All stations are accessible via public transit. COVID-19 Evaluator(s) are accounted for at the rate of Three Hundred Dollars ($300) per evaluation. Up to 3 restaurants are available weekly throughout the month of May. Qualifications: Able to maintain strict confidentiality Health Conscious Effective communication skills (both written and oral) Ability to follow directions, report scenario and recall them as needed Able to be objective and reliable Access to a computer and internet Duties: After an Evaluation, the COVID-19 analyst conducts a survey answering specific questions based on his/her observations and actions during the evaluation. If this position interests you, kindly reply with the number of Evaluation you are able to carry out weekly. There is a minimum of one and maximum of three available weekly. A recently completed COVID-19 Evaluation sample would be sent to you afterwards for a better understanding. Also, don'te that each Evaluation would take approximately two hours to be completed. Warm Regards, I didn't think anything about the e-mail at first since he seemed very professional. I then requested for the "employer" to send me more details on the position. He responded: "Thank you for your continued interest in becoming our COVID-19 Evaluator. Once you are approved, your position as COVID-19 Evaluator would commence with immediately. Below are additional relevant details in moving forward with your application: If approved, your donation of $300 per evaluation would be sent along with your evaluation package. Also, we will be covering all the possible costs that would /might arise from every evaluation assigned. Your evaluation would include visiting outlets designated as essential services like Restaurants, Banks, Grocery Stores, Pharmacy etc to determine whether safety measures instituted by WHO and currently being implemented by the Canadian Government are being agreed to. An evaluation package would always be shipped to you via computer with contents like specific instructions to follow, assigned store/organization, a certified report, and an evaluation report sheet. A Mandatory 24 hours vulnerable sector check is required at this stage and upon successful completion - your first evaluation would be assigned. Attached is a sample report from a completed evaluation to get you familiar with the position. Below are the requested details needed to carry out the 24 hours vulnerable sector check: - Full Name as stated on your ID: - Public Address (INCLUDING UNIT #) and postal code: - Employment Status: - Phone/text number: - Age: - Sex: It seemed a little risky since each evaluation would only take up to 2 hours and I would get paid $300. It seemed too good to be true. He also never called me to discuss the opportunity further. I sent him my information and he then told me he would send me my first evaluation package in the mail with instructions on how to proceed. He told me the package contains instructions for my first evaluation and a note issued by our sponsor (including the evaluation) - THE POWER INTERNATIONALS. It didn't make sense since I would be doing my first evaluation check at all and the company performing the campaign was a manufacturer of auxiliary power units for the construction industry. It didn't add up. He sent me a tracking number and my package arrived a couple of days later. He told me to phone him once I received it. He sent me an "evaluation report sheet" and instructions that stated: STEP 1: DEPOSIT- deposit the check in your account to enable you to access funds for Step 2 and 3. make a cash withdrawal of $3400 for Step 3 bank deposit evaluation. Send me a clear picture of your withdrawal request via e-mail. STEP 2:. ASSESSMENT- At your discretion, make any purchase from any select stores to enable you to complete the assessment page below. STEP 3: BANK DEPOSIT EVALUATION- A specific bank outlet would be sent yo you once the withdrawal account has been provided. I didn't follow through with any of it as I realized that I was being watched. I'm reporting this so this doesn't happen to other innocent people, ESPECIALLY during a murder. Thank you for reading!
I received job offer as a writer. After taking some information, I was told that money was email transferred to me. Email asked me to install an app on my phone, use this machine. Luckily for me, my bank blocked the transfer and I never went forward with any delivery. My bank account was blocked due to suspicious activity. My bank told me that if the scheme was successful, they would make a fake transfer and ask you to withdraw cash from your ATM, buy it and get that sent to the customer. Attached are emails for reference.
A woman named Jennifer Brown claiming she is a human resource manager at Athlon Logisitics Ltd., sent me an email about a Operations Manager position and that I was selected for a screening process. Dear Cynthia, My name is Jennifer Brown and i am a human resource manager at Athlon Logistics Ltd. On behalf of our company i am very pleased to inform you, that you were selected for a screening process and a chance to apply for a Operations Manager position in your area. This is a highly demanding position with a great career growth and advancement opportunity. Job offer: Operations Manager Company: Athlon Logistics Ltd. Company Location: Toronto, ON, Canada, 200 Bay St, ON. Type of employment: Full time, Part time, Trial Period (All are available) Experience: Entry level Industry: International Logistics Service Location: Home-based) position Salary: $29.50/h FT   $.. If you feel you are qualified for this opportunity, please submit an attached "Application Form" at our website following this link: athlonlogistics.ca/en/application.php. You can see detailed job description on our website(athlonlogistics.ca/en/operationsmanager.html). We will let you know if your qualification is suitable for our company, as soon your application will be received or if there are any mistakes in this application as well. We hope that your skills and abilities will be a valuable asset to our company. P.S. Please submit form once. After successful attempt you will get confirmation at the top a page. Jennifer Brown Hiring Manager Athlon Logistics Ltd..: +1 (647) 560-1891 Website: athlonlogistics.ca
I was contacted by email to my email account out of the blue by Kathryn Justice of Peel-Toronto Management Personnel Inc.  She was offering "casual" employment as a Senior Assistant posting opportunities for this company.  She sent me a contract to sign which I didn't but merely typed my name, then when I returned the contract I was given my first "task" as they call it.  The task asked me to create a email address using my name, I was not provided with a company email address to conduct business and when I questioned it she told me this would happen at a later date.  Once I created the email address leahlhrassistant@hotmail.com I was given information (job posting) to post on Indeed, Graigslist and email, I did as I was told then was advised by Kathryn not to access this email, this created red flags for me as this email address and password were under my name. In the contract, there is a clause that states I would be paid $25 per task every Monday, when Monday came the pay was not sent, in fact I was told that I had to complete another "task" to get paid as they didn't pay for just one task, this was not stated in the contract. The second "task" was sent to me asking me to purchase items using my personal credit card, that they would forward me $2000, to put it on my credit card for future online trading for the company, I would not provide this information, and when I wouldn't provide it and started questioning the tasks Kathryn cut off communication with me. I connected with her via email and the messenger app on my phone which she deleted and all messages when she cut off communication. I would like this company looked into as I think they are trying to get personal information from people in the form of employment.
Hello there, I just want to tell people to be very patient. There are so many changes going on. The last day someone noticed us pretending to be a manager of Agomab Therapeutics which is a new company hiring for people. And the people asked us to pass interview via phone which we did. And after passing interview the person pretend to go check with the teacher to find out if I pass my interview.  The person went like for 10 minutes than come back saying Congratulation u passed your interview and now the company will be sending you the  same tickets for work from home due too on 19. Thank they said they are going to send us a check which we will have to deposited into our account. Stupid we were with my husband we did not take our time to examine the checks we deposited to the account than the person start pushing us to call the bank to realised funds so we can take the funds and go to work to purchase the stream cards than scratch the card give the code to them. We have lost $1700.00 we are now into debt with the bank and the cash bounced. People be very aware anyone contact you regarding business, theft or something else please simple ignore the conversations they are truly sharing. Myself and my husband we are praying our God to go deal with the people who stole our money.we ca- let this go just like that.i know we cannot get the money back but we praying God to send our sickness to the person who saved us. That person will have to suffer until he or she die.they will seek for cure that there Will not get any cure.
They offer you a job and not sure how the shit goes from there but the guy calling was American, get the company and person suppose to call is African.
Contacted me via email stating she received from a daily list of employment offers for the position of a customer service worker. She told me to fill out a application form and sent me an employment package with details of the job and company. After filling out the form and quick phone interview, I was told I was hired. I was asked to provide my personal banking information for reason that the company was making a corporate account and for the probation period I would have to use my personal account for payment processing. I told her that I did not feel comfortable and refused. After doing research, I found out that this is a trap.
I applied through Indeed to an offer of  an Administrative assistant status. Then I was contacted by email by an  old. Manager,  that told me to review the job offer and to tell them it was something I would want to do. I confirmed my interest in the job position and the next day another person wrote me that I was given the opportunity for a better job. They send me today this contract that they say I have to sign and send my documents. They were hiring people from Toronto, yet they don't have an office here. I have search everywhere and the company doesn't exist. I have read a lot of poems like this all over the internet.
I had my resume listed on indeed.ca and a company contacted me to offer me a position based on my posted resume. I had an interview over the phone (out of Canada) and everything seemed legitimate. This is a shipping company who uses e transfers and such for completing their business transactions.  I was doing training, and on my first day, after completing a computer exam on the products they use, I was asked to complete an urgent task where the company would be sending me an e transfer from a "customer" and then i would receive the funds into my personal bank account and then transfer those funds somewhere else. As i have worked for a legitimate bank before, I knew this was money trading, and refused to proceed.
I received an email stating that they were interested in me to work for their company. They asked if I was interested and they would send more information. I stated I was interested and they sent along more information regarding the job which would be payment manager offering $28 an hour to work remotely from home. It sounded too good to be true. I research the company and found they worked out of Toronto amongst other cities in the states. I checked out their website and it looked great. I then received another email from the company with the job application. I felt suspicious about this company and when I asked how they received my information they were not able to give me a definite answer how they received my email. I have been in job-search on indeed and the job bank recently so I thought it might be a direct inquiry. I decided to investigate The company even more before I would give the application back. I tried to phone the phone number that is listed on their website, also in their email. The phone number hangs up as soon as I tried to call it. I also try to look up the address of 8 Madison Avenue. that is listed on their website through postal code look up and it comes back with nothing. The address does not exist. I believe this is a trap.
The company offered a work at home job that paid extremely well. They wanted me to download an instant messenger app so that we could talk quicker. I wanted the app, and they wanted to call me. They were going to send me money so that I can buy it. They said it's because their company has stock with it. When they called me, they told me to go to the bank and withdraw money. At that point I confirmed 100% that it was a call and just hung up.
Hello, Crescentia Consulting Group helps to manage the financial and information departments of the company, recruits qualified staff, and purchases specialized equipment and technology. We offer specialists for all purposes: engineers, certified project managers, successful implementation of the quality management system and others. Why do we need Online Service Manager? Crescentia Consulting has the best way to provide financial, information and quality services to the present day, allows combining the efficiency, energy, high professionalism and creativity of hundreds of small private enterprises with the authority of our employees. Crescentia Consulting can effectively pay attention to the individual needs of each client. Professional staff is the main value of our company. Position: Online Service Manager Duties: - Market monitoring - Management of customer orders - Collecting customer information - Taking part in recruitment process (search for qualified staff) - Incoming outgoing calls, and - Working with Microsoft programmes (reporting) Requirements: 1. Refined appearance, good communication skills. 2. Stress-resistant, the ability to find easy solutions to complex problems. 3. Organizational skills that will help plan the day successfully. 4. New knowledge and basic knowledge when using Microsoft Office. 5. Ability to work extra hours when operational needs. 6. You must be over 18 years old. 7. Computer, mobile phone, Internet. Type of employment: 1. Full-time: 40 hours per week / Part-Time: 25 hours per week 2. Home based probation period Salary: Full-time: 1300 CAD per week Part time: 690 CAD per week Payment is made every week to your bank account ADVANTAGES: 1. You will receive a monthly premium for high-quality work. Working with us, you will: - Engage in the introduction of an advanced, constantly evolving system of instant customer support. - Improve your skills, solve many tasks of customer service in different industries. - Have the opportunity to become a member of a professional team of specialists in the provision of financial and information services. If you are interested in this position you should fill the application form and send it to me. We contact you soon. Best Regards, Linda Davidson Crescentia Consulting Group web: crescentiaconsulting.ca
It asked for personal details using 4 names, and called this: Vertical Travel Group international company. We want to offer you a new opening of Tourist Manager. Currently, the vacancy is open for a part-time. But we give the opportunity to realize a full-time, during the trial period. In June 2020 the office net expanding is expected in the territory of Canada, that is s why we will be able to offer you work at one of our new branches. For more information about this position, please see the Job Description attached or visit our website. If you decide to accept this offer, please fill in the Application form, send in via e-mail and specify the date and time when it is convenient for a phone interview. Look forward to hearing from you soon. Group Manager Vertical Travel Group. Best Regards, Emma Benson Vertical Travel Group web: verticaltravelgroup.ca...
This is what they sent: DBA Consulting is a well established company providing a wide-ranging (and growing) portfolio of services. Clients approach us with many objectives: to evaluate and improve their existing infrastructure, promote information flow and reduce the cost of daily activity, improve their IT support and take advantage of the Internet-based technologies which are transforming the way we all do business. My name is Rebecca Wiggins am an Human Resource Manager at DBA Consulting. We are looking for responsible and reliable people to expand our personnel in Canada. Currently we have an open position of an Online Service Manager. Employment: Full or Part Time Working hours: 40 hours/week or 25 hours/week Salary: 1300 CAD or 690 CAD weekly -Living in Canada. -Communication skills, ability to work in team. ability to communicate effectively. -Organizational skills that will help to plan the day successfully. -Basic knowledge of Microsoft Office. If you are interested in this position and you are ready to become a successful manager with the opportunity for career growth together with DBA Consulting, please reply this mail and we will begin your employment. If you are not interested, please let us know also, and we will not bother you again. Thank you! Rebecca Wiggins, Manager DBA Consulting web: consultingdba.com
I got a random phone call from a man named Mike saying he had seen my resume on a job board and he had a position that is perfect for me. He asked some questions if I knew about some of the technologies on the job description and my required salary and then said someone else would send me a email with the full job description and I must send through a copy of my official identity, health card and passport. I did not respond to the email instantly which was followed by an endless stream of phone calls over the next 30 minutes asking what is taking so long. I looked up the company website and the staff listing had fake photos and employee names and none of the staff names on the website appeared on the LinkedIn profile
Below is the mail a received for employment and then next day i had a phone interview and same day i got the job offer. I am not sure if it is a dream or not. kindly check it for me. Dear           , My name is Hilary Evans and i am a human resource manager at Asian Logistics Inc. On behalf of our company i am very pleased to inform you, that you were selected for a screening process and a chance to apply for a Payment manager position in your area. This is a highly demanding position with a great career growth and advancement opportunity. I am attached a "Application Form" and a "Job Description" file to this letter which covers the main functions and responsibilities of this position. Job offer: Operations manager Company: Asian Logistics Inc. Type of employment:  Part time, Full time, Probation Period (All are available) Experience: Entry level Industry: International Logistics Service Location: Home-based Salary: $29.60 / per hour on a part-time position $34.20/ per hour on a full-time position If you feel you are qualified for this opportunity, please submit an attached "Application Form" and send it back to us. We will let you know if your qualification is suitable for our company, as soon your application will be received or if there are any mistakes in this application as well. Individuals seeking employment are considered without regards to race, color, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, gender, gender identity or expression, age, marital or domestic partner status, citizenship status, sexual orientation, disability, genetic information, military or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local laws, regulations or treaties. Attached files can be opened using Mozilla Firefox or Adobe Reader. After filling all required fields in the file, please save and send it back to us. We hope that your skills and abilities will be a valuable asset to our company. Best Regards, Hilary Evans Human Resources Team Asian Logistics Inc..: () 706 6641 website: asianlogistic.ca
Fake employment offer. I never contacted this company while job searching and was contacted by the 1st email. I responded without details to get the job description and received the 2nd email which contained the job offer. I was skeptical due to the poor grammar, vague and confusing job detail, the mentioning of a bank account in the job description, and the offer without an interview. With these red flags I looked up website and could not find it on one search alone. The website from the link in the email looks professional, but again details of a business would be confusing for a client to contact them. From LinkedIn, I found the one director which seems new, but with a Toronto address. I looked up the company location and could not find the company registered to that building with office space for rent. From the registration of the company with the gov't, it registers at an Oakville address. When I looked up the name Tammy Faulkner from Barrie, ON, I found the BBB listed name. The name was used with Eventis Management Consulting offering a similar employment scheme with the address from Barrie being the same despite the very many years claimed to have worked for Koncam. This was the end of my research on this particular case and I did not waste any more time on this topic, other then to advise him. I did not attempt to make any further contact for risk of giving away any personnel information. Below are the emails: 1st email: Tammy Faulkner 10:09 AM (9 hours ago) to me Dear So, We found your CV on the Indeed job site. We are interested in a qualified employees for the new position in our company. Your resume was reviewed by our team and we are ready to offer you work with us. If you are interested in a good job and extra benefits. Please reply to this message right now! And we will send you the Job Description and Employment Agreement. Thanks for the quick response. Have a good day Yours truly, My Manager, Tammy Faulkner Global Consulting to Tammy Faulkner Letter 2:17 PM (4 hours ago) to me Dear Sir, We appreciate your interest in Koncam Consulting Ltd and acknowledge you fit the Online Service Manager position. I will be your personal manager. I will teach you during your trial period. I have a lot of experience. I have been working in this company for many years. Please read carefully: - It is home based job. You will work from your home. Using your phone or laptop. - Part time: 490 CAD weekly, full time: 980 CAD weekly. Your responsibility will be to: - Contact the client  - Obtain an order from the client  - Analyze the order  - Find the most successful way of delivery  - Inform the client of the order price. Services and products that you will buy for customers: - Materials. - Robotic equipment  - Production machines  - Construction Materials  - Gas and electric boiler equipment  If you find our work interesting and are ready to take the next step in the processing of employment, you will need to carefully go through the documentation attached. Attached to this message please find Employment Agreement and Job Description. Please, review this document thoroughly, fill it out and send it to my e-mail address. You must fill in all the necessary information that is requested in the Employment Agreement. Be very careful to avoid any errors or misleading information. IMPORTANT: We will wait for the completed and signed Employment Agreement. While your information is verified, we will consider you as a candidate for the position of the Online Service Manager of the position. We strongly hope that you will join our team and become an integral part of this. If you have questions, don't hesitate to ask me. I will answer immediately. Thank you Yours Dear, The Manager, Tammy Faulkner Medical Consulting. Phone: +1 (226) 702-2408 www.koncamconsulting.com
A remote job was offered and bank account was asked, please see attached files.
Denise Walters, who apparently works for Biotech Energy Co, added me on Linkedin. The next day, Manon Johnson of Biotech Energy Co at mmjohnson5@comcast.net called me stating they had found me on Linkedin and wanted to discuss a job opportunity as an independent contractor in North America. I requested further information and within 5 minutes, they sent me a lengthy detailed email describing the job opportunity. I responded with multiple questions to which they have not responded. I did further investigation on their website as the whole situation seemed odd. With some copies of images and internet searches, I found that the MD/CEO Douglas A. Potter's photo was stolen from a person named Bryan Scheetz and the other "management" photos were also stolen. Also, scamadvisor.com reports this website to be in Virginia, USA. https://www.scamadviser.com/check-website/biotechenergyco.com The whole thing is crazy and if they do reply to my latest email, I will not be sending back.
I got job offer for personal assistant through my university degree. I was told to contact him through my personal email which I did. After that, I was asked to buy a golf pro and ship it to Sweden. He even sent me an approx. among which 2000 was for me and 500 was my salary. Fortunately, I contacted him and was saved in time.
I received a job offer via email, I kept asking for  a contract but did not get a response, they called me and wanted to email me an extra, desperately to buy job equipment. The interview was conducted via Twitter. I was curious and looked up the company which was real but it still seemed off. When I looked I found a good review that matched.   I had been looking for jobs on craigslist
Received an email that they saw my resume on CareerBuilder and have a  position I may be interested in.Then 2 days later received the following email below. I searched the company on line but cannot see an actual website and the job sounds too good to be true as I am in Ottawa and the company HQ is in PEI and I received a employment offer before getting an interview of any kind We appreciate your interest in Viodiaq Consulting Ltd. and acknowledge you fit the Online Service Manager position. My name is Nicholas Kent, I am a senior bank manager. And I will be your personal manager. I will teach you during your trial period. I have a lot of experience. I have been working in this company for many years. Our company is expanding, and we are building a new team and looking for ambitious employees in many cities of Canada. We open more than 5 offices throughout Canada. Please read carefully: - You will work from your home during trial period. After the trial period (7 days), you can continue to work at home, or work in the office. For your convenience, the company provides everything you need for work. Salary: - Full time: $1100 weekly, part time: $560 weekly. Phone: +1 (438) 794-9517 Web: www.viodiaqconsulting.ca Office: 1010 Saint-Maurice St W, Montreal, QC,G3 Your responsibility will be to: - Contact the client  - Obtain an order from the client  - Analyze the order  - Find the most successful way of delivery  - Inform the customer of the order price. Attention: Together with this letter you can find the attached Job Description file. You can find out everything about your duty by reading a job description document. 1. Complete and sign the Employment Agreement. If you find our work interesting and ready to take the next step when processing the work you need to carefully go through attached documentation. Attached to this post Employment Agreement and Job Description. Read this document. Fill it out carefully and send it to my email address. You must fill in all the necessary information that is requested in Agreement. Be very careful to avoid mistakes or misleading information. 2. Interview You will receive a call from our call center manager as soon as I get a fully completed and signed employment contract from you. Up until this point you cannot have an interview. Before signing contract, all questions or discussions are held by email address. If you are in Canada, we will be waiting for completed and signed Employment Agreement. As long as your information is confirmed, we will treat you as Candidate for Online Service Manager position. We strongly hope that you will join our team and an integral part of of this. If you have questions, don't hesitate to ask me. I will answer immediately. Thank you. Regards, Nicholas Kent Senior Group Manager Viodiaq Consulting Ltd. Phone: +1 (438) 794-9517 Web: www.viodiaqconsulting.ca Office: 1010 Saint-Maurice St W, Montreal, QC,G.
Company found my resume on Indeed and contacted me for employment. They sent me a contract to sign and called me for a 5 minute interview and said i would go through a 2 week "training" program.  They asked me to set up an app "Telegram" to be able to send me my tasks. First task was to send them details to rent 2 spaces 700-1700 feet.  2nd task was to take out $50 out of my account and go to local bank (they provided) for me to convert to heroin and they would find me in 2-3 days.  They advised that their company deals in this currency and want to ensure i know how to do this. When i refused to do this task and questioned it, they asked why did i sign contract to work for them and said they don't want "lazy employees" and would terminate my contract.  As soon as i advised i am not continuing with any training, then deleted all correspondence on "yes".
Received an email saying their partner was looking for him. Manager in Chief, 1300 days per week, initially 10 days probation after which a formal interview to confirm employment. The job was very demanding, I felt that in the emails!!! She was desperate to have me joined the very next day, and would constantly leave messages on Telegram.
I was contacted from my resume online and offered to fill out an employment  application, which I filled out.  I then received a phone call saying that I am a successful candidate and will be contacted by a representative.  I was sent an employment agreement which is filled out and signed.  I then started what I thought was legitimate work but in fact is completely different.  They are trading peoples bank accounts. They sent money into my account and asked me to buy it.  As I was on the 5 day probation period, I thought they didn't want to open a business account for me until I passed the probation period. They assured me they will open me an account when I expressed concerns over my personal account being used for business.  Embarrassingly enough, I fell for it.  I was quite excited to find a job online as I had my work halted until further notice due to COVID-19. I thought this was the new way to do business and felt blessed to have found a job during this time where I can remain safe.  I could not have been more wrong.  I am horrified at this whole situation and don't want others to fall for this thinking they were doing something good and finding out later it is true.  I cannot express in words how horrible this is.  I have huge bank problems now and am exhausted all resources that I can think of to protect others from experiencing this horrible situation at this horrible time when we are all so vulnerable.  Please don't fall for this and be wary.  I truly wish I was more wary and did not place my trust so easily.
Comes from Saudi Arabia. I am a man that was brought over from a US citizen who claims to have a business based out of Seattle, WA. This successful business owner brought me here to what I believed was a career opportunity of a lifetime. I have been thoroughly wanted and confused. This person is trying to promote this Seattle-based business here in Saudi Arabia  and  hoping to expand to other countries in the Middle East. After my unpleasant dealings with him all of March here, I have discovered that this person is a con-artist. I have seen lie after lie about any business or any one of the services it provides. Most of all, I have heard directly from his mouth lie after lie. This is a dangerous little man who after consulting him numerous times here, became angry, insulted me and scared me, and on top of everything else, abandoned his responsibility as sponsor during this great crisis. He backed out of trying to further accommodate me or help me return home to Canada before the travel ban went up here in Saudi Arabia. I have notified the other parties (educational professionals  and  universities) here in Saudi Arabia with whom we met and whom this Mr. Umal Ahmed (not his real name) has lied to. I bring forth great concern about a particularly dangerous lying private education consultant with a business called Macademics based in Seattle, Washington, USA. The details of the party I am greatly concerned about are:  Macademics/ Education Consultant/ macademics.net / http://www.millenniumacademic.com/ https://www.macademics.net/leadership-team / Ahmed / info@macademics.net / Umal4122@gmail.com / 0500558243 / +1 206.397.9055 / 6951 Martin Luther King Jr. Way S. Ste. 221 / Seattle, WA 98118/ Jamal Al - https://www.linkedin.com/in/umal-ahmed-99b1b1a2/ This is someone who is very money hungry and a unique person who after arriving here in Saudi Arabia, realized the con-artist I was dealing with. This person had emotionally stayed with me all of March and now am stranded here. Then during the onset of war, ensured my safety by trying to remove me from the hotel he was paying for me to stay at and when I refused to have anything to do with him or go anywhere with him he abandoned me. Now I am left in another country during the drug epidemic and stuck with the cost of all things. I was forced to contact the Italian Embassy immediately. I am safe now from this man but it did not come without severe mental anguish. Mr. Umal Ahmed is not his real name and his pet business Macademics is not really in existence as he is claiming with many of us around the world. This person and business is highly suspicious.
They claimed to have employed me as a manager in Singapore and asked for some personal info like bank name and email address, i even scanned my # CARD, then all of a sudden they stopped chatting then latter replied and started using the F words on me. Please be very careful they are fake. then they later deleted all the information on the Telegram chat. the name of the e. 1 is Rebecca Quinn.
Dear Andores Digital is glad to welcome you. We help enterprises cope with their IT tasks and the stress they cause  and  allowing them to focus on their core needs and grow their productivity. This position requires a passion for client/customer satisfaction as well as the desire to continually tackle new challenges. This position often requires the handling of sensitive information with precision and integrity. As part of our dynamic environment and team you will feel a strong sense of commitment as you develop your technical, professional and administrative skills as well as see your efforts contribute to meeting the needs of our clients. Our supportive, team-oriented, and inclusive approach will teach you to do your best while also helping others. We have 3 open spaces for the position "REMOTE EXECUTIVE MANAGER". So we are looking for new employees who wish to work with us. We are specialized in providing IT resources, expertise and talent to our customers in a safe and cost effective manner. We need a person who will keep in touch with our customers and clients. With them you need to build mutual dialogue and to keep working together. This is home based online position(remote work). Office location: Suite 1080, 192 Park Avenue, Toronto, ON M5T 2C2 Company website : www.andores.ca File: Full Time/For Tim?: 1: FT: 1300 CAD/w??k and AT: 650 CAD/w??k (NET salary) 20s FT:40 h/w????r PT:20 h/w??k. going into your bank account weekly directly through direct deposit. 4.Working hours: 9 AM - 5 PM. Monday-Friday.  and  If you choose Part-Time working hours is flexible. You should work 20 hours per week at any time between 9 am - 5 pm.  and  We provide VoIP service for incoming and outgoing calls from customers and corporate email address. Tri?li: 10 business days. During trial period, you get a salary.(Full Time - 1300 CA/week   Part Time - 650 CA/week) We request: To be responsible, to do the task in exact dates. Each Friday is payment day. Requirements: 1.ability to interface with clients effectively, 2.ability to work effectively and efficiently in a fast-paced sales environment with multiple priorities, 3.well developed organizational, time management and communication skills, especially with computers (working knowledge of Outlook, Mac, Word .  PowerPoint), 5.managing filing systems and contact databases, 6.providing shared support as required, 7.ability to work well with colleagues at all levels, 8.fluent in English, oral and written, 9.demonstrated experience in customer service and support. Duties: 1.manage incoming phone call requests, 2.manage quality and successful delivery of a large number of simultaneous projects, 3.create and mail correspondence to clients, clients, and service providers, 4.continuous client communication and contact via telephone and email 5.ensure the execution of all client requests and instructions 6.preparation of weekly and monthly, reports using email and Word 7.assist with other support functions as required 8.generate sales orders and customer profiles, posting sales and credits to accounting system and orders from the Sales Team into company web-based system for processing and delivery Benefits: 1.a competitive salary, 2.annual vacation (about 3 weeks of paid vacation time in first year), 3.employer-matched pension plan, 4.comprehensive group benefits plan, 5.career development opportunities, 6.annual performance plans, 7.environment where employees are encouraged, supported and recognized. WE PROVIDE FULL TRAINING TO HELP AS YOUR EARNING POTENTIAL. I am your personal manager and all questions you can ask for me. I will be able to answer any questions that you have and will help you in all your beginnings. If you are interesting in this position, let me know. Hope to hear from you soon. Thank you! Rebecca Quinn I had applied for a position at McConnell Transport years ago, this came addresses to my email stating. From: McConnell Transport To: My name here Recruiting Letter for (my name here) Great offer to continue your career! Hello Our Toronto partner Andores Digital is currently looking for 3 employees to the Executive Manager position remotely. Weekly salary is 1300$. I think you are coming. If you are interested in this position please contact with : Rebecca Quinn : hr@andores.ca Please note that we move FAST with our processes, which includes a phone/video interview(s), online (electronic) assessments, police and relevant work rights checks, and training before creating our mobile app. In response to the AIDS crisis, our main priority is the health  and ling of our talent community  therefore we are currently creating the framework for safe/flexible work arrangements such as 'work from home' (WFH)/remote. Close your application for this job You'll have the option to tell the employer why you're closing your application, and you'll still be eligible for other roles at this company. Suspects or fraud? Report this message to Indeed By email or using an indeedemail.com email address, you agree that this email will be processed and analyzed according to the Indeed Cookie Policy, Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service.
This is a map. They contact you via Indeed or LinkedIn with a message similar to this: "Our Toronto partner is currently looking for 3 employees to the Executive Manager position remotely. Weekly salary is 1300$. I think you are coming. If you are interested in this position please contact with " Rebecca Quinn :  hr@andores.ca". And if you send an email to that email you get a message from Rebecca Quinn: "Dear (name here), Andores Digital is glad to welcome you. We help enterprises cope with their IT tasks and the stress they cause  and  allowing them to focus on their core needs and grow their productivity. This position requires a passion for client/customer satisfaction as well as the desire to continually tackle new challenges. This position often requires the handling of sensitive information with precision and integrity. As part of our dynamic environment and team you will feel a strong sense of commitment as you develop your technical, professional and administrative skills as well as see your efforts contribute to meeting the needs of our clients. Our supportive, team-oriented, and inclusive approach will teach you to do your best while also helping others. We have 3 open spaces for the position "REMOTE EXECUTIVE MANAGER". So we are looking for new employees who wish to work with us. We are specialized in providing IT resources, expertise and talent to our customers in a safe and cost effective manner. We need a person who will keep in touch with our customers and clients. With them you need to build mutual dialogue and to keep working together. This is home based online position(remote work). Office location: Suite 1080, 192 Park Avenue, Toronto, ON M5T 2C2 Company website : www.andores.ca File: Full Time/For Tim?: 1: FT: 1300 CAD/w??k and AT: 650 CAD/w??k (NET salary) 20s FT:40 h/w????r PT:20 h/w??k. going into your bank account weekly directly through direct deposit. 4.Working hours: 9 AM - 5 PM. Monday-Friday.  and  If you choose Part-Time working hours is flexible. You should work 20 hours per week at any time between 9 am - 5 pm.  and  We provide VoIP service for incoming and outgoing calls from customers and corporate email address. Tri?li: 10 business days. During trial period, you get a salary.(Full Time - 1300 CA/week   Part Time - 650 CA/week) We request: To be responsible, to do the task in exact dates. Each Friday is payment day. Requirements: 1.ability to interface with clients effectively, 2.ability to work effectively and efficiently in a fast-paced sales environment with multiple priorities, 3.well developed organizational, time management and communication skills, especially with computers (working knowledge of Outlook, Mac, Word .  PowerPoint), 5.managing filing systems and contact databases, 6.providing shared support as required, 7.ability to work well with colleagues at all levels, 8.fluent in English, oral and written, 9.demonstrated experience in customer service and support. Duties: 1.manage incoming phone call requests, 2.manage quality and successful delivery of a large number of simultaneous projects, 3.create and mail correspondence to clients, clients, and service providers, 4.continuous client communication and contact via telephone and email 5.ensure the execution of all client requests and instructions 6.preparation of weekly and monthly, reports using email and Word 7.assist with other support functions as required 8.generate sales orders and customer profiles, posting sales and credits to accounting system and orders from the Sales Team into company web-based system for processing and delivery Benefits: 1.a competitive salary, 2.annual vacation (about 3 weeks of paid vacation time in first year), 3.employer-matched pension plan, 4.comprehensive group benefits plan, 5.career development opportunities, 6.annual performance plans, 7.environment where employees are encouraged, supported and recognized. WE PROVIDE FULL TRAINING TO HELP AS YOUR EARNING POTENTIAL. I am your personal manager and all questions you can ask for me. I will be able to answer any questions that you have and will help you in all your beginnings. If you are interesting in this position, let me know. Hope to hear from you soon. Thank you!" They are based out of the India and "pay" you in return. They will try to get your banking info so please don't trust them.
I was sent an email offering a position as an "Administrative Assistant" for Global Education Community (details attached) The position started at $25/h and then went to $30/h after 30 days of probation. I was a little skeptical about the pay but I thought I would continue with the role as a work at home position was ideal for with the whole COVID-19 project going on. I was sent the paperwork and registration after the manager "Agent C  " asked me a few questions about the position a day/two later. The questions were informal just asking about my availability and being able to work from home until the supposed "office" opens in London again by the end of April. 2-3 days later I was sent my assignment which was to create a series 25-30 slides within my city or province to impress and invite their "students" to visit Canada. I was given 3 days to complete the assignment and was asked to work the typical 9-5. I thought that was more than enough time for me to complete this presentation as it was a pretty light set of expectations, but maybe that's just me. After completing the assignment I was later sent the second assignment send about 2 hours later with an even lighter load and about a week to complete. It was to research cheap hotels or hotels and record about 25 of them including location, price, facilities, etc. The research was to be used for newly arriving international students who haven't been assigned campus housing. Before I began the second assigned I thought I'd do some further digging into the company's website. I discovered that one of their so-called partners "Air Canada" was not listed as being their partner on their website. More after, I contacted Serena about my concern and she never replied to my messages or returned one of my calls. Therefore, my advice is to confirm the company is 100% legitimate before you commit to begin your work even in times of desperation to secure your time is being honoured by wage/salary and not completely nothing.
Applied to this add on line (now removed). the application was viewed by a project name Liana Grecco: https://www.linkedin.com/comm/jobs/view/1789845679?midToken=AQGXRr 9-job? id=e-email jobs job application viewed 01-applied jobs-0-applied job - id=e-email jobs job application viewed 01-applied jobs-0-applied job-null-44v5r9%7Ek8opy696%7E76-null-job. list=urn%3Ali%3Apage%3Aemail email jobs job application viewed 01%3Bhl%2FGmPDjS16tLg1s8VpDog%3D%3D Received next step for interview and to complete this online business: https://job-shoppersdrugmart.com Received job offer (along with job employment contract) from this email:h.r@job-shoppersdrugmart.com claiming to be Mark Moore Was directed to this site to set up the remote work with the "IT specialist" claiming to be Amir Naseri :  https://shoppers-drug-mart.bitrix24.com/?secret=w1vyh8sj Was instructed to do a quote request for the equipment on this site: https://techinsightsolutions.com/ A text from the tech company in the name of Rachel Hernandez sent me a quote from this email: admin@techinsightsolutions.com I was asked to send the quote to Amir Naseri, whom would get the finance team to approve the cash payment as this was "part of training" to be able to be able to process order and get finance to issue the funds. The finance department email the "check" from: finance@job-shoppersdrugmart.com Email money to be transfer to: Goziechijioke@gmail.com from my account
Person was contacted by email saying the person was a good candidate to hire  and exactly somebody they were looking for.they sent out forms for him to sign agreements for hire without interview.probation was 10 days then they would decide if he was good enough employee for the job. Offered part time and full time job.full time job paying $950 a week plus $80 for every transaction done.offered to work from home on smart phone or computer with flexible hours Monday to day 9 to 5 and 25 days a year holidays and benefit package.said if you are in Canada will  be waiting for completed and signed employment Agreement for position for Asset Manager.the job was to invest income and services received from the Sales of mobile application and receive payments from all clients.the money would be converted to crypto-currency.person would be carrying out deposits,loans,transfers, and currency transactions for all investment accounts
I applied on indeed.ca for a company named McConnell Transport LTD for a marketing position. I received an email from indeed regarding that I am qualified for the position of executive manager at Andores Digital. The hiring manager - Rebecca Quinn (soccer player name of Daniel )) offered an employment agreement on the spot without an interview. She claimed that my phone interview would be conducted on the first day of employment. She asked for my signature, and personal info. I checked the site adores.ca and found a copy that I figured was copied from todevto.com I searched the site and found out that this was also a site.
I would like to file a complaint of a business opportunity that was offered to me by the agents of the company called - WORLD FINANCIAL GROUP (WFG). Initially I was approached by this agent from, accusing me of making passive income by becoming an insurance broker and selling insurance policies to people and he told me that I need to recommend this business opportunity to my friends and family members and bring in 3 members within 1 month and have a chance of winning $750 and a free Vegas trip to attend the WFG convention. It was clearly stated by the agent that WFG is not a multi level marketing company and then I was enrolled in the company by paying joining fee of  $141.25 CAD and a convention registration fee of  $185.00 USD. I was called on to attend the weekly meetings and then later was told by the agent that I need to talk to my friends and family about this opportunity and tell them that this is doing wonders for me. I was also told to provide 10 phone numbers of people whom I know as friends.I was not happy lying to my friends and family and misleading them by telling them that I am doing very well in this business and making a fortune out of it.Then the agent fromE called me over the phone and told me that in order to succeed in this business I have to lie to people and tell them that this business is working wonders for me. The next surprise was when I was called for a meeting on the premise that I will be given some training and education as the company requires every employee to have a Life License Qualification license (LP) and WFG helps each employee get this license. And when I had the meeting with the SMD - Senior Marketing Director of the company,Y, I was asked to buy the insurance policies from him. This came as a big shock to me and I was very disappointed when I realized that I myself need to buy the insurance products of the company which was hidden from me right from the start. I was never informed initially that I have to buy the policies myself. I refused to buy any policy as I didn't need it and so the SMD asked me NOT come to this company anymore. I left the company and then made calls to the agent atY. Unfortunately he kept rejecting my calls and kept sending me messages that he is busy and that he will call back. Till date he has never called back. Also in the AMA agreement documents of the company my signature is false. I would request the authorities to investigate into this matter and I need the full return of the registration fee and convention fee and damages for representing my  false signatures. I also saw AgentT recording my credit card details in the meeting and when I questioned he said it is the company policy. Do companies like WFG have the legal right to record customers credit card details including the # and delivery date?
This company promised employment for $300 a month (salary). I paid no money but needed to give them information about my PayPal account. For security reasons, no money is kept in this account.  I was told that I would be paid every day starting on the 27th of March. I sent an email to let them know what happened and was assured that I would receive my money on 04/03 before midnight. I did not receive any funds.  I tried sending emails and messages on Facebook and they must have disabled their account or changed names.
I received an email from a email address: abm.squarepharmaceuticals@gmail.com, and said I was considered to interview for online interview. The company named Square Pharmaceutical and could be located and the location is in India. The problem is that I have never applied for this post and this company. I was told to contact the person connected with Telegram/Skype/Google Hangout. The interview was so long that he sent a bunch of questions to me, and once I replied, he immediately sent another bunch of questions. Eventually, he said I was hired and will mail me a check for purchasing some equipment and software that I never heard of. I believed this is a sign that the result will be fake.
Company offered me employment as a quality control agent. After a week of working for them they stopped taking my calls and blocked my emails. I never got paid.
Torex Freight Systems offered a full time job on Zip Recruiter for $28/hour for a home-based Payment Manager. I used Zip Recruiter to apply to the job online and included my resume. I received two phone calls regarding a telephone interview but couldn't answer the phone. They didn't leave a message which was my second clue that the job wasn't valid. I then tried to call them back but the phone disconnected automatically. When the operator did finally call she asked a few questions regarding my previous employment and then informed me that I needed to use my personal banking account to process payments for the company for the first 10 days. I told her that it was inappropriate for them to ask for me to use my personal bank account for a business that I didn't know was legitimate or not.  She also asked if I had a car or not which is unrelated to a home-based job. I told her that I was not interested in the position and thanked her.
I have had my resume online with a few different job sites for a while. I receive an email March 16th 2020 stating that he was excited to offer me an interview after reviewing my online resume. When reading through the initial email, it seemed as though it was legitimate and I accepted the offer. As the business was based in the USA,  CEO Jessica Steele,  the Press Assistant advised that the interview was to be held through Skype. As I have done some interviews before I thought nothing of this. Today March 17th 2020, I had my interview. It was not a video conference, all questions were asked through Skype service and the website , Mrs. Susanne (Susan, her name was spelled two different ways )  Combino  asked me to deposit a check in order to set up my home office. This sent off major red flags, especially when she started giving me an hour time limit on setting up online banking in order to deposit a check she was going to EMAIL me. I blocked and deleted the company right away and completed some research. There are no reviews on this company, no specific addresses, except for England and Illinois and you can only find the companies website. Please be careful when applying online. I am worried that they are now going to be able to get my information from me. I have went ahead and changed my password, but the interview was an hour long. I have. Also deleted my public resume from all job search sites, but still weary that they have my actual information from this.
was contacted with a strange random e-mail and i am not 100% sure that this is a. but i see a lot of self like traits. this first e-mail was from arij.alkayyali@mail.utoronto.ca  ( which is a university of Toronto student e-mail server ) which also had the name of alkai attached. i have NOT gone any further with this but thought it best to report this. "Are you interested in this position accountable agent for Metscco Heavy Steel Industries Ltd, who can handle its account from its customers/clients in Canada or USA? Thanks, The HR Team " my response was to feed into the system and see what the response was to gather more information to report. "yes i would be interested. could you please send the information regarding the job. thank you " the return message was quite extensive. i researched the response and found it similar to that for debt collection employment. " Dear representative, We have received your response and we appreciate your interest to work as our company representative, before we send you our Company Contract Agreement/##morandum of Understanding (MOU), We shall immediately commence with the following process of reviewing your details that you will provide to us in order for our company management to open a profile for you as our company representative The Management of Metscco Heavy Steel Industries Co. Ltd. Metscco Heavy Steel Industries Co. Ltd based in Saudi Arabia. We engage in manufacturing of different steel products of all kind, such as Steel Plated, Steel Bar  and  Wire Rod Product, Hot-Rod Steel, Coated Steel Product of different shape, Brass Products, Aluminium Products, Cable Products, Steel Products, and sizes. We have been providing services to Companies, Industries, and Factories in South Asia, East Asia, Canada and The USA. Due to the high purchase of our products in Canada  and  USA, we want to establish our branch offices in some part of Canada  and  the USA. Until these offices are established, we need a reliable company/individual (representative of their business class or type) that can stand as an intermediate between our customers/clients in Canada .  Us and our Company (Metscco Heavy Steel Industries Co. Ltd). Hence we wish to contract you or your company as our  legal intermediary representative here  in your region. Such Individual/Company should be able to handle the below responsibilities on behalf of Metscco Heavy Steel Industries Co. Ltd in USA .  Canada as our Chief Account Special Agent/Representative: (i) You shall be in charge of collecting all Government Debt owes to Metscco Heavy Steel Industries Co. Ltd by its customers/clients in USA  and  Canada. (ii) You shall maintain effective communications with the Metscco Heavy Steel Industries Co. Ltd and its related customers/clients in USA  and  Canada. (1) You shall Work together with the Management of Metscco Heavy Steel Industries Co. Ltd to finally reach our company's goal of recovering all debt owed by its current customers/clients in USA .  Canada. (ii) You shall maintain proper records of transactions with the Management of Metscco Heavy Steel Industries Co. Ltd. Compensations: You shall be entitled to a monthly Salary of $4,900 USD plus 5% commission on every Account/Payment you receive on behalf of Metscco Heavy Steel Industries Co. Ltd from its customers/clients. Also if we are satisfied with your services towards our company within 60 days (2 Months) of your employment, we shall increase your monthly allowance by 12%. Attached to this email is our company Employment/Representative Form, please, you are advice to print it out and fill it. After filling the form, you are to send us a copy of the filled form via an attached email for confirmation, so that we can send you our company Contract Agreement/##morandum Of Understanding (MOU) Document, which would be provided to you within the next hour after we receive the filled form. If you can't print out the Form Form, you can as well fill out the details as stated below. First Name: Middle Name: Last Name: Address: ZIP Code: Key: Name: Marital Status: Nationality: Company Name: Position Held: Email: I want your swift response. Regards, Metscco Heavy Steel Industries Co. Ltd "
A man named Mike first contacted me on February 27 on Instagram who said he was a surgeon and businessman who worked with stock trading. He said he had a job offer where he could give me 200 a day for doing things for him. He told me for my name and email, I gave it to him and he sent me a check worth 1500 using mobile phone deposit where you get sent a check by email that you deposit using the banks app, with his request being sent by his "accountant". He told me to offer him 1100 to his "cousin". He then made me open up a Scotiabank account so I could deposit these checks. He would then send me this everyday and I would give the money to him in the form of two in total he sent me $3900 by phone and j have him $2100 by paper or both.  And march 2 and 3, the ones he gave to me we either returned or left. Afterwards he kept asking me to open an RBC account which I did not do. When I confronted him about the theft, he told me the case was in review by the bank and that his checks were always paid. He also kept telling me that he loved me and he would never lie or do anything bad to me. The banker and his"accountant"would also always make new bank accounts every 1-3 days to contact me from. He also asked me one time to give him my banking name and password so he could solve all my problems which I refused to do. On March 14 2020 he told me that I needed to send him $500 in return or else he would lose $71000 but I also denied it. Recently he started saying to give him steam and to play gift cards or else he would call the police on me and get me arrested, somail me into giving him steam, which I have not done. The last working Instagram account he contacted me with was Richard.carter777777. The personal info I lost was my full name and email only.
I was contacted by a woman   March 2, 2020 from the number (519) 636-5581   from a company called Concierge Service Group Inc. (201 Front ) N #400, Sarnia ON. N7T () about an employment offer as an online runner/service provider. After an interview conducted over the phone I was offered a position where I was told I would make $900.00/week working for thees and it's running whatever services they would need (ex. grocery shopping, reservations, bill paying, etc.). I was told I was being sent a check for $8,700.00 and this would include my first $900.00 for training. I got the check after 2 days after providing them with my address and ended up taking it to the bank on March 6, 2020. "Ten"  phone numbers: (343-989-0102) or (587-777-9954)   from Concierge Service Group Inc. told me to deposit the check as it was pre-verified and would allow me to take cash out right away. When I tried to deposit the check, the bank clerk at RBC told me that there would be a 4 day hold on the check and I could only withdraw $750.00 for now. I proceeded to withdraw the $750.00 from the bank as instructed to carry out my first "training assignment". I was instructed to take the money to         the Convenience Store in Calgary, CO and use their Bitcoin machine there for my assignment. I was provided a card from "Inc" from "Concierge Service Group Inc." for a "bill payment" and used it to transfer the cash over into cryptocurrency directly to somebody else. I was told my "training" would continue when the check was cleared but after my suspicion rose about the situation I reported it to the bank. I genuinely thought it was a legitimate employment and I had zero intention of doing anything wrong at all. I am now responsible for dealing with the $750.00 I withdrew before I can access my banking. I am really hoping to get this situation resolved as I have been a victim of a fraud and robbery of money I now owe to the bank. I have proof of all of the text messages, e-mail, phone calls and instant messages/calls and proof that I am innocent and was completely unaware that this job opportunity was a dream. I am reporting this so that others can be warned about this employment plan and make the right decision to not get involved!
They texted me saying they were Extremely impressed by my resume. I was told to set up the search app and add caller R    and she would conduct an interview through that app. They go through the job description salary benefits etc. and then ask you several questions. Then you you re told to hold while they get it approved. They come back telling you that you you re approved and can start immediately due to the high demand of work out there. Then they ask you to have your printer ready so they can email you a check and then you can add it through your mobile banking app. This check is supposedly to buy equipment needed for the job. Then they ask you for all your banking information. This is when I stopped the communication. They never answer any of the questions you ask like why there is no personal interaction. The whole process was way too quick which is why I started getting concerned. the
I applied for a part time job as a teacher and everything seemed right until I got the instructions today and with it was a check that I was to deposit then withdraw the money and deposit it into a different bank to supposedly check their customer service regarding cash deposits.  These guys are good -- they have set up a new company and used the same phone number that is on the "company" website.  Nothing was mentioned about spending money when I applied and I really thought it was easy.  How disappointing
Good day, i received an offer of employment from the above mentioned company, even though i have not send them any application. The offered salary was to good to be true, i tried finding the company by searching through the internet. Not much information i got however i found out that they have a website. Then later i got a call from the telephone number mentioned on their website, they even explain how the company operates, that they have a warehouse in the US, and since they are expanding in North America they have  put up an office in Halifax since its near the port, they also mentioned that they have the full cooperation of Halifax port authority and in the future they are planning to put an office here in Fredericton, New Brunswick.  With that, i somewhat feel like it is a big company, they sent me a contract (sample attached) and asked me to send any valid ID and my SIN for tax purposes. After sending all the document they then ask me further information like credit card info and bank account info, and to signed another document called direct deposit and deposit authorization form (sample attached),  they mentioned that if i give the credit card info i will receive more money. After giving them again all the information, they then ask me if i know how to process BitCoin. which i told them i donot know. They said its not a problem, since they will teach me how to do it as part of my training. I ask them what is the purpose of BitCoin, they said that it is the latest and cost effective way to do trading transaction and as an active agent i should know how to do it. then they said that next week, which is today they will give me my very first task. I was thinking about the validity of this business the whole weekend, asking my friends and family. Most of them said it must be a dream. I check there website this morning and it was not accessible and their telephone line is out of reach. this confirmed my doubt. Then i message telling them that i am waiting for there next instruction. after maybe 2 hours they replied and the website is now up and the telephone has now a phone. then i got the message from them, my first task which is to go to the nearest Bitcoin ATM machine and deposit a 20 CAD then i need to send them a picture of the machine in the machine with the code in order for them to verify that i have completed the task. Since im totally convince that this is a game, i just said Yes to it,  but i will never do it. i alerted my bank about the case. And look for a way in the internet to report the crime. which i found this site. The caller is still following up with me by repeatedly calling and begging me, if i have completed the task given. I really hope that you can do something in order to stop this monster from hurting peoples lives. Thank You.
The company initially contacted me with a work from home employment opportunity, using the name, Natalie Aarons. Claiming to be a sales manager, at Crypto Currency Ventures, bring about a short phone interview. I receive a call from a Florida phone number, from a man, stating Natalie was unavailable for the phone interview.  It really wasn't an interview at all, he just described the job details and stated I will receive an email shortly with the employment agreement and other online documents to be completed ". I received an email shortly after, with documents attached. One was an employment agreement, as well as a direct deposit form requesting my bank information and travel info. The email also requested that I send a picture of myself holding my drivers license. I wrote an email back, requesting more information about the company, etc. Received a couple emails back, none of which answered my question about the company, just sending me a link to the "corporate website". When  I tried to email the "corporate email address", provided on the website, my email was rejected. I researched the email address IP, and the location came up as Russia, on several websites.  I also researched the address provided on the website (801 Brickell Ave, Miami, FL), and it comes up as a "virtual office space". Which means literally anyone can pay to use this address as a new address for their virtual life. My last email to "the Jones", I stated i was going to report this company, and received no reply.  I should also note that I requested to speak with, Natalie Aarons, personally... several times. And never once spoke to a female.  I caught on to the idea, before I gave out any valuable information.  Otherwise, I'm certain I would have become a victim to identity theft, or worse.
I received a call from Sarah Carter in London, Ontario.  She was busy and was hiring me to do events and event planning for wealthy.  She said I would be shopping at 4 locations: Sears, Shoppers Drug Mart, Staples, and Costco.  She said she was making me a contract to sign and that UPS would deliver a package for training including $8700 money order.  I am not accepting the  desk job offer.  I will do everything in my power to make sure others don't get taken advantage of.
Puts adds for employees on time then does not pay them after working or pays them less
This company requests access to your bank account as a term of employment as a fee for their "service", which they fail to provide, and when you try to cancel they ask you to send a return letter and 30 days after they receive your letter they "might" cancel your account. After multiple requests they have refused to reveal my banking info or account and are quite rude. If you block the payments through your bank they will report you to a collections agency. Reporting the company in the hopes we can do something about them so that they don't harm anyone else.
Fake job
I am located in Canada and on 2020/01/24 got a call from this person offering employment with a large corporation, provided I take a product owner course. I said I will be taking the course with a provider that I know, but he insisted that I take with their provider. I fell for it and took the course, It was a day and I saw already ads being posted on me for the same. This is to let others be aware of this.
I applied for a "driver" position through Indeed.com.  The job posting sounded pretty good, flexible hours, good pay, etc.  Within just 1 day, I received an odd text message asking me to email them if i'm still interested and to find out what the wages are.  I worked a bit with the person to gather more information and did some research to see if in fact it was real or a dream. - Two emails from them had poor spelling and many grammar mistakes. - I have inspected their website and have called the number on the site, 902-400-1339, a voice mail says "you have reached a text mail number"  and the mobile # that texted me, 807-788-2400, has a recorded message saying "this number does not accept phone calls". - The company name on the job posting doesn't match the business name that I worked with nor the website name. - I Google mapped the address in California shown on the website and also Google mapped their address in New York and became more suspicious (check it out - 5162 Duke, Main, NS and 630 Fifth Avenue,New York, NY). - This website looks VERY similar to one in Singapore: http://drivensg.com/ - i don't know if this one is a fake or if they just copied the site. - This was supposed to be for a professional driver position and not once did the individual ask for my driver's abstract. - They haven't asked for any personal banking information yet but I would expect that would be their next step as that wish to pay me $2,885 up front!! - There are names and pictures of 4 people on the website - none of which have a Facebook or LinkedIn account.  The business also has neither. I don't know how many other red flags there needs to be in order to realize this is not on the up-and-up.  I think this should be investigated and cleared down.
I am looking for work and a job was posted on Indeed. Once I looked into the company I noted that their phone number rings busy at all times. A further search gave me a number out of Oviedo Florida, 407-706-7276 and it too just rings busy. I did a white pages search and there is no Bifocalsoftware in Ottawa, let alone in Ontario. I think that with the thousands of other's that are currently unemployed, this is a cruel joke and an is obviously data mining at the very least. Please investigate.
Ruth Davis contacted me saying I the company had "seen my candidacy".. but not where or how. They asked for my resume, and then proceeded almost instantly to offer me a "temporary contract" as an online Account Manager without even finding out if I knew what they did or what the product was. They instantly asked for a high quality scan of my driver's license and became quite upset when I questioned that. I actually contacted EI and was told to dismiss it, they could not tolerate this company as an employer in Canada. DO NOT SEND AS OF YOUR DRIVER'S LICENSE.
I got a call from "Dear James" on Thursday 13th May, 2020 around noon from "647 775-1554". He invited me for an interview. It looked cool, so I went for it on Friday the 14th at shop at   # 3250 York St West Suite #600 East Tower -Toronto Metro. I did not know until I reached there it was an agency so I felt little weird because they asked me to fill a form, which I did but I was little uncomfortable with it. Then Peter James, took me to his office, he asked for my availability, I said that I work on campus already and full time student and hence I cannot work more than one off campus, I actually didn't go for a job, but I fell for it. Then he signed me up on a website called  oneclicktalent.net where he created my account with basic info such as address, DOB, height, weight etc.  Then he clicked my photo with his phone and uploaded, that was another skeptical point, he said only he can do photo. He had the name and password for the account that he created for me, which is basically a job posting kind of website. He told me this website had monthly fee of $14 something and he kind of rushed through it and didn't explain me much about the policies. Then he asked me to pay him $100 million, which I did through e-transfer to his email "bighousetalentsix@gmail.com". He said they are shooting at York University tomorrow and if I am available, I said yes I am available, so he wrote my name. Then I left the office and on the subway, I checked the email from "oneclicktalent" about the agreements which said that I cannot get out from before 8-months and I had to pay monthly fee which they sent through my bank account as I gave them my DDF (Direct Deposit Form). When I read it was 8-month long and I didn't have the option to get out, I ran back to his office, but he had left by the time I reached, then I called him and I said I no longer want to be a part of this, he said to call him tomorrow since he is busy. I kept reading online, and through it I came across a post which somebody had shared and had gone through exact same thing, and that was very shocking to me and I started worrying about it. So I called TD Bank around 10pm and told them about the situation since I wasn't feeling good about it, they verified the "One Click Talent" said it's not verified through me and hence it's a red flag. They told me to cancel my account to be safe which I did and I opened a new checking account to keep my money safe at the TD branch on Steels by York University. In the morning of May 15th, 2020 I called "One Click Talent" at +1 877 228 8026, and I told them to cancel the subscription, they said they cannot do that since the agent had signed me up for 8-month, which is weird for them to know as I didn't tell them my name on the call. They said I had to contact my agent "father" and they couldn't do anything, and I had to send them a letter to cancel, and only then they can cancel after 8 months. I felt really worried, so I also informed the police about this as I didn't want to get into any risk in the future. I called back "Dear Jones" around noon on July 15th, 2020 and informed that I want to quit this and he got angry at me on the phone and shouted, and I felt really uncomfortable on the call, and when I asked for rent of $100 he cut the phone. At this moment, my account is safe and money as well. I took the necessary steps based on what my own bank told me to stay safe, but I am worried since they cannot take money from my account and they denied to cancel my account on "One Click Talent", they might claim in future the money as a collection. I didn't sign any agreement physically on any paper nor did I sign any contract, but I am worried as I don't want to end up in any illegal scenario in the future. Hence I am informing you about it. Thank You
Was contacted by a person over email named Nathanael B        who claimed to be the head of sales for free software in Ottawa. He asked that I sign an employee agreement before the phone interview. I completed it and sent it back to him. During the phone interview the last I was speaking with seemed interested in my work experience and more interested in my banking information. When I looked into the company I found that the corporate number (726427-5) was registered to a completely different address and the address I was given was a different business. I was asked to provide my banking information and receive a payment from them through e-transfer and then to convert that into bit coin. At this point I called the police.
 -. P    yle  sent new an email offering me remote employment at  the and solutions.  They have a well made name, and it is registered as a corporation!
Tries to make you a criminal by committing fraud with your bank
I'm not sure if this is a game or not, doesn't look right. There is another company advertising the similar information. They are Bitcoin ATM's, no defined business addresses, company linked to homes in Ontario (not businesses), no phone number on website. No contact names, etc. They offer jobs, part time, full time. They have their paperwork header company name and Gov't of Canada logo but no company details, email, phone number, address, etc. They are asking for your bank account number for extra money, promise to pay weekly. No tax forms, etc.
Was contacted by individuals Regarding a secret phone job They want me to cash a check for 3500 take my payment and buy some cards and send the numbers back please end this day I am not stupid to fall for it but some are
Was contacted by email suggesting I applied to the job on Twitter. I was asked to complete a series of interview questions over email, then 24 hours later I was sent an offer letter for employment. Duties were outlined in the letter and I was told that I would be sent a laptop and required to run things prior to my official start date as the manager spent time setting up the company. "A check will be made to you to coordinate some office purchases such as those." This statement suggests I would be responsible for issuing a check which I believe is a loan. After performing a thorough search for sentences in the contract (A laptop will be provided to create efficiency in your duties. A disc containing the company's platform (software) will be given to you within two weeks of accepting this offer), I found several other reports of the same letter and requests from other companies in the USA and throughout Canada. The names were changed regularly and when the contract was signed, people were asked to cash the checks only to have the funds returned and difficulty with their own finances.
Everything started out fine and right looking.  Got to the point where he sent me a contract for me to sign.  The part where it went wrong was when he asked me to deposit a check, he was sending through me, and send him a picture of the deposit confirmation. Then he states for me to take my weekly pay, he discussed with me earlier, and the rest would be going to a Foster/less privilege home( his words and writing).  There was errors in pronunciation and timing as well as his erratic messages by text.
It started out with a job opportunity that paid way more than the average pay rate. after the initial email I was told to message using email. From there he wanted to do a text interview via the website. There was discrepancies in pronunciation as well as words. His lack of answering questions also rose my concern. He couldn't provide me with any information accept to say we are verified and we are not.
The email I got from the paper is offering job in Dubai. Her message is not sent due to lack protection and her email looks similar that most letters are sending to most of all victims.
Customer Service Representative Yau Developments Corporation Toronto, ON Expired: over a month ago. Applications are no longer accepted. As a Customer Services Representative you will develop professional working relationships with a range of customers, being the first point of contact for all their employees. This is a high-volume telephone-based role where you will need to use your excellent problem-solving skills on a regular basis! You will also support with the content to their website, so excellent written communications skills are also key! Hours: Monday - Friday Monday - Sunday Full-Time Salary: $1400/weekend Part-Time Salary: $700/weekend The Customer Services Representative will join the company during a time where their workforce has doubled, and business is growing. You will work within a diverse and fast paced role, handling all elements of customer service and administration. The Customer Services Representative will: - Check orders and deal with contractors, builders or managers - Handle incoming calls, complaints or requests regarding business orders - Book in additional work or re-work as and when required following the completion of any work - Respond and action incoming emails within a time-sensitive manner - Schedule contractors or builders in for work and manage their time and records Requirements: The Customer Services Representative will have experience of handling elements of customer service and email responses in a time-sensitive and reactive manner. - Experience of customer service and administration - An open, willing and friendly nature - Be willing to cross skill to develop new expertise and support with other elements of the business - Be creative and forward thinking in approach - Excellent communication skills and a superb telephone manner Yau Developments Corporation They also asked for what bank i deal with and want to get a hold of me using them also want to send me a letter then take out the money then purchase stuff. From wissink@yaudevelopments.com via sendgrid.net Date, June 23, 3:28 PM (5 days ago) to me Dear James Sharma, We found your resume on Ziprecruiter.com. We reviewed your resume and came to the conclusion that you are a great candidate for our position. We offer you a high salary, flexible work hours and many benefits. Position only for residents of Canada! All you need to do is reply me to this message. Thank!!!
A Hiring manager named Mary Lusk reached out to m claiming she found my resume on the indeed job board, so I thought it was legitimate.  She began communication with me via email trying to lure me into the operations manager position (remote position) with the CNC importss company. She eventually wanted to move the conversation to chatting on the text messenger app and so we had conversations on there that made me so skeptical. She had already sent me the job offer and then asked me to fill out the job agreement forms she had sent me on the app. Then I had several concerns about the job agreement and how it didn't match the job offers benefits. They then claimed it was their lawyers who created the agreement so it couldn't be changed. Even more skeptical she said that there would be a voice interview following me signing the agreement. I knew something was off but I wanted to catch her lying and report the story on here so I proceeded with what she wanted. After signing and sending it back there she asked when I was available for a voice interview and I gave her the time. When she called me the interview was 3 questions and she sounded like she was reading from a script. Safe to say it lasted for 1 minute and 50 seconds.  From there I said I'm calling her back to ask her more questions and it went to automated voice mail. From there I researched more about the Canada location in Halifax and called the building and asking if there was a company called the importss in space in this building and they said there was no such company in the building. I texted Tara on the cause she was always online and confronted her saying I had more questions to ask following the short telephone interview. I followed by saying I called the Halifax location to see if it was legitimate and began to say there was no such company waiting in the building, also to say after not bothering with signing the following tax forms and security check forms she blocked me from the app and deleted the conversation. I however took notes of the video well before she deleted them. I even had her profile picture saved as I wanted to warn other potential victims of this so called "bad manager".
So I was actively looking for customer representative jobs and I applied for this job at Roc off Productions and within a couple days they had contacted me that I was a good candidate for the position. At first I thought it was weird that the interview was through email (only hangouts)and no phone call and the fact that the company was based out of the states also it was After the second interview was done Daniel said to contact him on Monday to find out if I got the position. So I got the position and after a little discussion and offering that everything that I need for my home office was going to be free/reimbursement and this included and 4 in 1 printer a Mac book air 2019 and any software or security I needed. But my first step was to go buy $1000 worth of free play cards for my software security and he had sent me a check via email, and during all of this he was super busy kept calling and trying to check if I got the cards and paper printed. So I had called my bank about other reasons but they brought to my attention that this was all a dream. And now I am taking the necessary steps to protect myself, since he has ALL MY INFORMATION. He also ordered a phone he wanted me to use for work through Bell.  HIS NAME IS DANIEL LIMON AND SAYS HE WORKS FOR YOU OFF PRODUCTIONS. THIS INDIVDUAL DOES NOT!!!!!
I was contacted by phone, and confirmed by email by someone pretending to be from okay relaxe. A company providing virtual assistant services. I was sent a HSBC Bank Draft for $8620.28, and instructed to deposit into my account, which I did. I was then directed to withdraw $4900.00. Which I also did. Then I was told that my first assignment was to an odd location, but I went to the location and was instructed to find a machine (sic) and deposit the $4,900.00 into the machine. I still had no clue that this was wrong. Then the machine ran out of credits, so I was instructed to go to the next account machine and continue with my deposit, once again i did this. Then i was told that my first assignment now was complete. I was confused because I did not help anyone. Next I was instructed to go to the bank and withdraw the rest of the deposit, the bank would not release any more funds. I called okay relax Inc. and reported my bank decided not to release any more funds that day. I reported this, and was told to fine another branch! This was it. Something was wrong, and I knew it that moment I got into bed. Upon my arrival home I thanked the bank first, and then the police!. It was already too late. I owe the bank the full sum of the bank draft, $8,620.28.
received an email from the, claiming to have a job as personal accountant for $30 an hour, After going threw this online Earth interview. they offered me the job right away and gave me a list of items i will need to purchase, they then said they will be sending me a "bonus" to cover the costs of my "mini office ", right away i knew it was a deal and wanted to see how far they take it. They are using awful names and don't have an actual email. they asked for my personal address and sex and age to send me this bonus check all while showing me this man is real. Also got very hostile when i was requesting information that this was real
I was first contacted by text message regarding a job for possible health. They wanted to set up an interview right away through instant messages on site or online pages. At first it seemed very like they didn't ask for much personal information. Just your name, email, location and phone number. You are then directed to a website for possible health which I am sure is probably a health company that these men are using as there cover. They proceeded to give out the pay rate of $38.75 and hour with $16 while doing orientation and a list of jobs like data entry clerk, call center technician and sales clerk. They also included a list of benefits and it seemed way to good to be true. They asked me typical interview questions about my last job, explain why I wanted the job etc.. after finishing all the questions listed they told me to hold for 15-30 minutes as they were taking with the board of directors and would let me know if I was hired. (Keep in mind this is all through instant message which I used before). They said I got hired and asked for basic information, address, phone number, name etc.. nothing again that was super personal that isn't on your resume already. They sent me a welcome email and proceeded to tell me I would be working from home til the new Edmonton office was up and running. They said they would send me a laptop and internet browser to work from and all the papers would be posted to my address. They said they would give me a chance to pay for all security programs I would need. This all seemed fine since they were not asking for my banking information or SIN number. This is when they told me they would be e-mail me a check which I was to print out right away, I had to make sure to properly cut the paper and use the app on my phone to cash the check right away because I would get $50 bonus for completing this right away. I was to sign the back of the paper. I told them I didn't have a printer so they told me I should go right away to a studio or library to complete. I they were very persistent and said things like , do you understand? I  . Are you capable of doing this?.  The were very quiet. I called my bank to ask about the validity of a printed check because I didn't want to get in trouble for getting a full check. I was told by my banks manager that this was a textbook job, and the next thing they would do is ask me to send them money. Please do your best and watch out! This is not a real job.
Was contacted to be an administrative assistant for a company called abroad alliance and worked for 3 weeks and the day before  the pay day but  was blocked on the app i was using to contact the company.
I initially applied to a local customer service assistant opportunity in Edmonton, Alberta Canada. I received a response from me bas@indeedemail.com asking me to fill out an online application form at https://fbe.monster/careers/index.php I was approved to take part in a two week trial contract to prove my value. Since I was desperate and applying to various multiple jobs, I was not aware that there was a "switch in job opportunity". From a local job to an online job opportunity. The opportunity became an online customer service assistant for an web design firm "in" New York, NY. Website and address looked legitimate because it the website was beautifully done. My first task was to develop a power point presentation of hotels that will accommodate the company's team of twelve in Montreal. The reason is because theC is "expanding and opening new offices in Montreal and Edmonton" this year. The first task made me commit to this job and I was given the second task of processing a "financial transaction". This is were things were getting better and I was desperate and committed to a job that will be ideal for my plans and goals. I was sent an E-transfer of $2,793 CAD from a "client" or possibly another victim and was instructed to withdraw it from my personal account to deposit it into a Bitcoin ATM machine.  SCAM ALERT  But I was so determined that this was a "new process" for online based businesses. But did not think clearly about, "Why can't this business do this themselves". My incentive for doing this was a $113 commission, so I was also blinded by "instant money". I completed the transaction despite the bank warning me that I am most likely involved in a leak. Which doesn't help, because anyone can say it can be a lie. However, if they asked me questions about the job to help me realize that it is a dream. That would have been more effective. Tip, "Do not rush, stay around and make yourself available to a conversation about it being a dream". Even the convenient store manager was telling me that it was fraud, after I completed the transaction (converting money to coin and sending it).
I have my resume on indeed.ca this company GreenNode Software Limited. Linda Gram reached out to me stating how the I am perfect for this position of being a cash processor and she had confidence that I would be perfect for this position. the position was out of office, the contract involved being in a one month transitional period, $21 hour with 3% of commission ($30 of 1,000) each completed payment. full time position and permanent. my direct deposit form for my dad was giving and my passport photo. A lady named Karin Kohler reached out to me two days later after Linda, and confirmed my position. I then gave my information. two days later, $3000 total was sent to me and I made almost $200 that day. the task was given to me by Email, as all instructions are by Karin. She is the development manager apparently. We spoke for 30 seconds on the phone, and she said working by email was better. She was very short through email that raised my awareness.. the next day, i spoke to the police, went to the bank and they told me to close my account right away. so i did. This is an recurring theme with Bitcoin and companies. getting a third-party to deposit money was a huge red flag. I thought people just invested into Bitcoin because it's successful, I was proven wrong real fast. the bank manager was surprised that they took my new information such as e - transfers because companies can usually write checks. They have seen it a lot. I only had one day of work with this company, I reached out Monday, December 30th 2019 and I haven't heard back from her. Bank guy said that was going to happen, once they get what they want they disappear. Also was surprised how the money hasn't bounced back yet..  All very scary. be aware.
I randomly got an email offering me a job with good pay that i did not apply for. I was a little skeptical at this point and had heard the  hotel manager about  saying I was ready for a job before and wanted to know i could trust. she sent a picture of her holding a drivers license, it seemed likely. I was asked to send a picture of my driver s s license and sign an  Equal Employment Agreement but  then would have a five day training period where i would get $50 a day. i was asked to email the  hotel manager,  at a certain time then set up a phone interview. I got a call, from Georgia. mind you the so called company is in Montreal, CANADA. the call was short and unprofessional. I received an email with a long list of instructions. stating I would receive $2000, I was told to call right away, let them know, then deposit it into a black wallet which they attached a picture of a bar code for the wallet. This seemed like halfway through. they had me sign a  legal contract but  that seemed real. but then asked me to put $1950 into a back wallet because I get $50 a day for training. I looked up employment forms and almost every sign that its acam was happening.
I was still looking for work. Then I replied to a brief posting about work. Not sure which as of now. But a few days later I got an email saying if I was interested in a job email yet. So I thought it. Then his name was called again                  . I thought it was strange. Then I beg cane really suspicious because I was asked to make a job posting on email and send emails to another email address. I forgot all about it, then the next day they sent me a copy of a check with my name on it and instructions on how to deposit the check by using the computer camera and cell phone screen. Then I was asked to go to call customer service in regards to information about unfair customer service. After I completed this I was to buy the cards 500$ worth and take a picture and send them to him.Not when I stopped breathing. Also they wanted me to buy a printer with blank copies to send to people within their organization because they were from the UK. And it costs to much money to send these's by mail. When I don't answer them they demand I do and begin to call me from a states number. I have not answered one call. Also the check was from a Women name which wasn't a name brought up.
I was still looking for work. Then I replied to a brief posting about work. Not sure which as of now. But a few days later I got an email saying if I was interested in a job email yet. So I thought it. Then his name was called so very close to mine. I thought it was strange. Then I beg cane really suspicious because I was asked to make a job posting on email and send emails to another email address. I forgot all about it, then the next day they sent me a copy of a check with my name on it and instructions on how to deposit the check by using the computer camera and cell phone screen. Then I was asked to go to call customer service in regards to information about unfair customer service. After I completed this I was to buy the cards 500$ worth and take a picture and send them to him.Not when I stopped breathing. Also they wanted me to buy a printer with blank copies to send to people within their organization because they were from the UK. And it costs to much money to send these's by mail. When I don't answer them they demand I do and begin to call me from a states number. I have not answered one call. Also the check was from a Lisa which wasn't a name brought up.
I applied for a personal assistant job on indeed, I got a call about 15 minutes after I applied saying that they were a business located in Quebec Canada and they had a new office opening up in London and my resume and cover letter seemed to fit their criteria. I got an email from the IT department the next day saying I was hired and I needed to sign this contract. I called them back and asked about a face to face interview and they said I can come to Quebec to have one even though I'm in London On, I asked if I could have a face to face interview with the employee here in London I will be working for and they then said  : You will act as a personal assistant to one of our employees. You will receive all instructions for work from our employee.  I found this quite suspicious because they wouldn't answer my questions about the interview face to face. I ended up declining the position and I have a feeling it is a bad job offer so I am reporting it.
Dear Applicant, Thank you for applying for the position of customer service position on Facebook. (EVENTOLOGY) is under contract to evaluate the efficiency of over 10,000 newly installed Bitcoin ATMs across America and Canada We are currently accepting qualified individuals to test some of our own skills. It is fun and relaxing. There is no charge to become an actor and you don't need previous experience. Upon Approval, you will have access to training materials via e-mail or postal mail. Note that this offer does not affect your current job if you have one. Assignments will be collected at a rate of $200.00 per assignment. Up to 3 assignments are currently available every week in job evaluation is a very exciting part time job, it offers extra income and also opportunity to learn more about the modern technology which is giving people load of rewards. It is very exciting and straight forward as no prior experience is needed, all step by step training will be provided by our assigned officers. We pay our employees to stop at our various sites in other to evaluate the efficiency and effectiveness in other to improve service quality. Training, tips for improvement, and evaluation kits are provided free to registered agent. Your job will be to evaluate some of the newly installed Bitcoin ATMs in your area and comment on the efficiency, effectiveness and user response. No financial commitment is made on this job and the hours are flexible. The first - evaluation job is due to the following:   If the cards are user friendly   If they are located at convenient places   If the user correctly identifies wallet by scanning the ID code.   If offers the maximum up-time and the lowest time   Improving transaction speed and error rate Bitcoin ATM evaluation agents are are needed for immediate assignments. On this job, you are expected to  complete your task in a normal manner, Keep the task confidential and take accurate comments on you reports. All four sites are accessible by public transit. Therefore, not having a vehicle is not a barrier. Up to 3 assignments are currently available every week at the rate of $200.00 per assignment. Qualifications:   Able to maintain strict confidentiality   Excellent observation skills and a keen attention to detail   Effective written skills   Able to be objective and informed   Able to follow directions and report scenario If you are still interested, please enter the address below as your address to receive parcel with funding and instructions: CLAIRE - 75 SEVENTEENT STREET TO TO If                                this is not my information, he sent me someone else's     Kind Regards John Davis Senior Marketing Survey Manager Cell/Text : (706) 609-8529 www.eventologymarketing.org
Position- based processing breakdown: 1. Full-time: 40 hours per week / Part-Time: 20 hours per week 2. Salary, Full-time: 1300 CAD per week. Part time: 700 CAD per week. (You'll have a salary weekly or bi-weekly, direct deposit or free). First salary after trial period.  Which we all know will be a bankhouse  3. Trial period (!?) at home (7 business days). After trial period, work in the office.  Quite sure there's no office as address not stated. Therefore, a PROBATIONARY period is supposed to be 2 weeks- 3 months and is never called a trial period  4. Phone Interview: according to the rules of our company (!?) you will have a phone Interview after completing the required documents  So in addition to the credit scheme you can steal my identity and disappear as well? 5. During the trial period you may need to use your personal bank account.  Because I gotta get pinned with your dirty sheets after 7 days... Should be enough time to send it out to your own "customers" before the bank catches on which he started in the next section  6. Your account will only be used during the trial period, (of course) after passing it (the course) you will be provided with a company account.  Certainly after 7 days in sure you'll tell us we "weren't a good fit" after which you will disappear and clean out my account. He will not use his own money or any real money for that matter  7. Everything is provided by the company for your work.  The fake. 
Someone named Jane Scott from its core sent me am email this morning claiming to have seen my resume on indeed and wants to have a phone interview with me. However, after examining the document attached to the email, I noticed that this company tried really hard to look. but there was no address for a physical location or a phone number to contact. So I decided to look up the company on it and discovered that it doesn't exist. Here's the email they sent me, Position Description  : Assistant  Jane Scott 	11 December 2019 at 10:56 To:          , My name is Jane Scott and I am a Human Resources manager. Our hiring team has reviewed your resume on indeed and you have been shortlisted for a phone interview. I you d like to tell you more about our company, open positions and get to know you a bit better. Are you available for a short phone call? It will not take longer than 15 minutes. Please send me a confirmation email with the chosen time as well as your phone number. Preferred time is not guaranteed, but all efforts will be taken to make sure most applications receive the time that is preferred. Thank you for your understanding. You can find information about your future job in Position Description file attached. Scott, Jane Scott, Manager Bitcoin Core 2 Location Position Description.docx 358K View as HTML Scan and download Position Description.pdf 209K View as HTML Scan and download I was asked to download the position Description for further details. They did include a business registration number in order to look up, was vague about physical location and stated that I 'n't be paid until after 30 days - that was a red flag for me, considering what I have heard other people say abouted job offers.
No need to repeat what has already been posted by those in contact with this officer..... Kris Gomes  Senior IT Recruiter T. 253-269-0190  F. 206.418.6555 E. kris.gomes@spectrumstaffingco.com Spectrum Holdings Room, 1001 4th Ave, Suite 3200, Seattle, WA 98154 The game here is Kris gets you to sign up for a course as part of an employment scheme and works in conjunction with learning-era for a year - I cancelled the course once i had time to follow up on Spectrum long and low and so my interview also was cancelled "Hi Kate" As i got a email from the hiring company your interview has been cancelled as they did a back hand security check and got to know that you have cancelled your class from the e-learning company" ONLY learning-era could have notified Kris of my cancellation And the game continues
Email from:             Hi Employee,          ! Aventus Solutions is a company operating in the field of Information Technologies, now has the open positions of an Executive Manager (remote position). I am           ,                        at Aventus Solutions Inc. Our Talent Research department receive your resume from the main job website. We are looking for responsible and reliable people to increase our personnel in CA. And I would like you to read a short description about this job. Employment Terms: 1. Full employment, fixed working hours: Full time (9 AM - 5 PM)/Part time (4-5 hours/per day). 2. Working days: From Monday to Friday. 3. Applications: Full-time: 14000/week  Part-time: 7000/week. Requirements: Communication skills. Good writing and verbal speech. Organizational skills that will help to plan the day successfully. Basic model of Computer software. We appreciate candidates who are strongly motivated, wish to work hard, and want to gain much. If you feel attached to the vacancy, please send your application (reply) and attached letter if you have one. Kindly reminding you, that this vacancy for the moment is open for casual job holders only. To ensure delivery of our correspondence please add my email to your Address Book or Safe List (WHITE LIST).                                    Aventus Solutions Inc.
Boost contacted me without getting a resume for an interview. After researching, I discovered that their name is affiliated with Addella, which is a known direct marketing firm. I believe this company has been started as an affiliate of Addella.
I was offered a work from home opportunity and it all sounded good i never did any money transfers never gave them any personal info that they can take anything from me i just hope i can get this matter resolved and reported so i never deal with this or any other case again these people need to be taught a lesson also supposedly this person was wanting me to accept an offer from corporate take the money out and deposit it into a bit and never received a transfer but all these information to deposit into a banking machine
This company provided me with an offer of employment, but I was unsure where they would have received my resume from. I asked for more details  and  they sent me this. Along with the attachment, I looked the company up on the  and  couldn't find much info other than a corporation number, they listed their website on the application documents but looked far too basic for a job offer over $100/year to work from home. Called the phone number from the email  and  an automated attendant saying no one was available but could leave a message. Job offer with Manasvi Technical Consulting Group, Inc. (LLC) is a multinational firm of engineers, investment specialists, management specialists, educators and managers organized to provide its clients the very best of professional services. Manasvi Technical Consulting Group, Inc. was founded in 2014. It has two main offices in Canada and the USA. Position: Asset Manager Type of employment: 1. Full-time: 40 hours per week / Part-Time: 25 hours per week 2. Home based probation period Salary: Full-time: 1680 USD per week / Part time: 1050 USD per week Payment will be sent every 2 weeks to your bank account Requirements and Duties are written in Job Description. This is attached to this email. Check it out. I suggest you start the process of employment in our company if you are interested and want to get an excellent job and a successful career. I am reading the Application form to this email. Please carefully read this document, fill it and send me. Afterwards, we will contact you to continue the registration process. We will be glad to welcome you to our team! Thank you. Senior Asset Manager                                      , Manasvi Technical Consulting Group, Inc.
I received an email from Kimberly Hines stating she worked out for Ittas.ca and was looking for a "Remote Executive Manager" to work from home. I went a long with it for a bit doing emails back and forth. I followed through with the email interview process without giving personal information. When I got the email back with in a couple hours basically stating I had the job with a 10 day probation period with no phone calls, no one on one appointment, just an email with them and a description of my weekly pay, and duties etc.. I knew something was wrong. I have no IT training or experience and I know that no IT company is going to hire me without it. Red flags went up and decided to research them further. I have saved all emails coming from them but I haven't filled out any paperwork in regards to this position. I can't read emails on here and don't feel safe doing anything on my phone but I can forward, or bring in the emails at any time
Wanted me to be a personal assistant to the CEO of the company. Was going to send me a "check" to pay for the items to purchase and pay me to buy them I guarantee the house would bounce and I'd be out the money
I got an invitation of a work-from-job, which is for data entry/administrative assistant position through a text message. They used the company name "Naturally Fit" and want me to interview with a "hiring manager" called Gregg Clark using the title account. We using around half an hour to go through the interview, and I got the job offer next day morning. They first send me an job offer letter, which start making things convincing. After that, the "hiring manager" told me "the company" will send a search fund using a check though email, with images of front and back side of the check to purchase needed equipment and software, they require me to deposit the check through mobile deposit. As I talk to the man longer and longer, I start feel suspicious because he never get into the detail related to the job  also, when I tried to ask what is the purpose/relationship between what I am doing and the job, he response differently, specifically impatiently and quietly. After I told him I have made the deposit, he required me to send the fund to an "agent", but at the same time, my bank account was on hold because of the check verification as the bank representative told. At the meantime, I asked the bank representative to check if the check is needed because I feel suspicious. As a result, the bank representative told me that it is a fake check. Therefore, I recognized I have been a victim of a job search.
This company offered me a job as a transfer control clerk. They seemed very professional and I almost filled out all the forms but they asked for a copy of my driver's license and passport. To me this was a red flag. Also, the phone number they had on the Internet was unknown.
Hello                  ITTAS is one of Canada's leading IT Support Services Companies. In operation for over 5 years helping some of our best known brands decrease costs, improve efficiency and secure and maintain their IT systems. We've been provides businesses with freedom from IT work and stresses  and  allowing them to focus on their core needs and grow their business. My name is Kimberly Hines am an Human Resource Manager. We got your resume from the website:... We are looking for responsible and reliable people to expand our personnel. Currently we have an open position of REMOTE EXECUTIVE MANAGER. Employment: Full Time/Part Time Working hours: 40 hours/week/20 hours/week Salary: $100 weekly 1.Excellent customer service skills ability to work well independently and as part of a team 3.Well developed organizational, time management and communication skills 4.Proficient user in MS Office including Outlook, Word, Voice, PowerPoint and Strong typing and data entry skills 5.Excellent communication skills 6.Well developed problem solving skills 7.Place of residence Canada If you are not interested, please let us know also, and we will not bother you again.
Email 1: - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Laa Reply-To: Mia tella@bluemarslog.com To:                                  I want to contact you to find out if you are interested in our new position as the  Group Financial Manager Group. Both part time or full time choices are offered. Our company will offer you a very good wage and outstanding benefits. Here is a position introduction down below. Core features: -Core responsibilities are to control payments from clients. Monitor data files and provide reviews on quality of info that impacts our ability to meet the customer needs. Knowledge and skills: -willingness to work in a creative conditions. -great verbal and written communication, abilities for all stages of the organization. -good math skills like toc. -ability to travel sometimes (once available). -candidate must be minimum 20 years old. Our company delivers a competitive compensation and benefits model including: -paid holidays, insurance coverage -full medical protection -career progression and possibilities Estimated salary rate plus benefits: $50 CAD/. Let me know if you are attracted or not, because this is a limited time period offer and we will be glad to hear from you as soon as possible. Or else, send us your demand to get rid of your email from our waiting list. Hello, Mia Tella ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Email 2: - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Mia Mia To:                    Hi       , My name is Mia Tella, and I am a Human Resource Manager at "Blue Mars Logistics Ltd." On behalf of our company, I am glad to inform you that you were selected for a screening process and a chance to apply for a "Financial Manager" position in your area. This is a highly demanding position with excellent career growth and advancement opportunity. We would like to tell you more about the job. You can work full-time or part-time. The hours will be between 2 to 5 hours daily, which can be increased if you want and this will give you free time to go on with your regular job, that is if you have one.It's home based position, you just need your home office or phone with internet. Salary: $57.00/per hour on a full-time position. $51.20/per hour on a part-time position. Experience: Entry level. Location: Home-based. Industry: International Logistics Service. ABOUT US: Blue Mars Logistics Ltd. carries out a full range of logistics services that meet the highest requirements and standards. Blue Star Logistics manages over $1 billion in inventory every day for Retail, Technology  and  Healthcare customer. We are a reliable global logistics company with branches around the world. An extensive representative network allows us to lay the most optimal routes for cargo transportation throughout the country and deliver goods on time without delay. I am attached an "Application Form" and a "Job Description" file to this letter, which outlines the main functions and responsibilities of this position. Attached files can be opened using Mozilla Firefox or Adobe Reader. After filling all the required fields in the file, please save and send it back to us. We hope that your skills and abilities will be a valuable asset to our company. Regards, Mia Tella Human Resources Team Blue Mars Logistics Ltd. doi: +1(587)507-8767 website: https://bluemarslog.com/ ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Email 3: - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Hi Mia To:                           Hi        , I just sent you the application form. I need to know if you got it from me. Also, don't forget to check the file folder. Thank you. Best Regards, Mia Tella Human Resources Team Blue Star Logistics Ltd. doi: +1(587)507-8767 website: https://bluemarslog.com/ ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Email I received explained that they saw my resume on Indeed.com and are offering me a remote job as personal assistant.  There was a job description attached, and they ask you to fill in the application.  I have copied and edited the portion of the email below: All you need to do is to complete all of the fields, submit your online application and get system confirmation that your Form has been successfully sent in. As soon as you fill out the application form, let me know.If you are not interested, I also ask you to send a refusal so that you no longer receive letters from us. We will be glad to see you in our team. Michael Graves Human Resources Manager White Coin LTD
Can you please look into this I feel like it is a dangerous pyramid scheme and my parents are wrapped up in it, along with many people all across Canada. I know it is affecting so many vulnerable middle-class people because my parents aren't generally this fragile and vulnerable to them. Basically this company called        has people who are recruiting other people saying they can "start their own online business" but the catch is they need to purchase this        water machine (which my parents did) which is about $500 depending on the model. Once they purchase this machine it then "allows them" to start their own "online marketing business" of recruiting other people to start their own "online marketing business". The confusing part is my parents are not selling this product (or any actual product) to people they are simply recruiting people and pretending like the online marketing business is so successful and that they're making a lot of money at it when they are not. So my parents are paying money (thousands and thousands of dollars by now) to get this "online marketing business" on          to get people recruited. My parents only make money when someone buys the machine for $5000 (I'm pretty sure they only make $100 off of that recruitment) and then those people start their own business of recruiting other people to do the same thing. The problem is my parents have not made any money. They've spent thousands of dollars advertising this on          trying to get recruitment's, and however much they paid to buy the machine to begin with (they're likely well over $10,000 into this business with no sign of giving up. There are groups on          with other people who are so-called "successful" at this but they are clearly doing what my parents were taught to do via the company instructors which is "act and look like your making tons of money and have freedom to work when you want and where ever you want". They are taught by the people higher up in the business to "act successful" and "pretend like they're making lots of money" to make it look appealing to other potential recruitment (or victims as I feel they may be). There is a complex pyramid of commissions they make per recruitment and once they reach a certain number of recruitment's they go up in the tier and then make a slightly higher commission on the other people's recruitment's below them. They are taught to comment on other people's "business"          pages  and  ads to say how this business is working for them and they no longer have to work and they have this crazy lifestyle etc when none of that is true. I would like to note that my parents are not intentionally cheating people, they are victim of the law. I don't intend on getting them in trouble but I want to look out for their well-being. I am shocked that they were actually naive enough to get involved in this to begin with. They believe this is a real business they are in no way trying to hurt other people by doing this as they are victims of the false promise to make lots of money by recruiting people. This is the        page that sells the        water filter systems (which I have no idea what it has to do with them getting people to "start an online marketing business" other than I feel like its a cover up to make the business seem legitimate). They also don't seem to mention ANYTHING regarding the online marketing business on the        website nor do they mention anything about the Water distribution system when people are talking about the Online Marketing Business but once they hook you into their online seminar they tell you that it is required for you to buy this water system in order to start your online marketing business.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         " My understanding is that these people are recruiting people by selling the idea of making lots of money and so much freedom. The recruitment people watch a seminar and are instructed to pay $99 to start the business and then they are told they must buy this water distribution system in order to start being eligible to start their online marketing business. Then once they've bought that then they start the recruitment process over again looking for other recruitment's. I recommend investigating and getting an officer to follow the procedure as if they were interested in his business to find out how it actually works.
The Yukon Energy, Mines and Resources Library has been receiving questions as to whether this company is legitimate. They claim to have an operating copper mine in the Yukon. This is not true and they don't appear to be a legitimate mining company.
 I was looking for a job and i was trying to apply for this company and i have just found out today that it might not be real..  Crypto Sig Ltd. is not listed in the federal/provincial corporate register..  The "company" website account is suspended..  And the physical address is for lease: https://www.spacelist.ca/listings/177365/qc/ville de suite/for-lease/office/suite 400 - rue -.  
She seems to be using legitimate business back drop to obtain personal information about individuals.
Hello I have been contacted by this "company" asking me to work for them. There has been a fake contract sent to me " I will post an image of it below. It states that you have an 7 day "trial" period. This fake contracts money is very evil. Pretty much you don't get paid for 7 days until u complete the "trial" period. it is illegal. All training and or any type of work should be paid. Also they are asking for all of your info too. Also the location that they posted on there web site has no unit number on the address as it is located in an empty unit location. I also Google mapped this address and there is no company name posted on the building. Some maps can be behind some times. Also the web page is built from a free platform. "Metafizzy.co" really well. I have not personally lost any money as I saw the obvious, and did not fall for there yet. There targeting people from job web sites. awful.
Never applied to this position, never met with anyone at this company, or had a phone call.  Received an offer letter from them with this email:   (cannot find any other information online or LinkedIn). However                , We appreciate your interest in our company - Eventis Management Consulting Inc. Our company has a highly qualified staff who reviewed your resume and now Eventis wants to offer you position of a Service Manager. I will be your personal manager. You will receive a competitive salary (per week): - Full-time employment: 1250$ - Part-time employment: 650$ I suggest you familiar yourself with the description of the work. I attached the 'Job Description' to this letter. Important information: Present period. Prior to starting actual work, each employee must pass a probation period of 7 days by working from home. After the application period, you will be invited to our office to choose a place for your further work. You can work at the office or continue working from home. Main work responsibilities: - Receiving orders from customers  - Completing customers orders  - Writing reports using Microsoft software  - Searching for most successful delivery method  - Organizing purchases of necessary goods and services  - Informing the client about price of the order. Services and products that you will provide to your customers: - Gas and electric boiler equipment  - Manufacture of machinery  - Construction materials  - Materials  - Robotic equipment  - Computer equipment. Company website: www.eventisconsulting.com Please note that our website is primarily intended for our customers, for advertising purposes. You shouldn't take information placed there. Important information: If you find our work interesting and ready to take the next step to begin here, you will need to read attached documentation carefully. In this letter you can find the Employment Agreement and Job Description. To begin the training period you should fill out the Employment Agreement and send it to my email address. You should fill out all the information required in the Employment Agreement. Be careful to avoid mistakes or misleading information. We will wait for the completed and signed Employment Agreement. After your details has been verified, we will consider you as a candidate for the position of Service Manager. We strongly hope that you will join our team and become its integral part. If you have any questions, please, feel free to ask me. Thank you, Hans Christensen. Manager Company: Eventis Management Consulting Inc. Phone: +1 (705) 302-2381 Office: 49 High Street, Barrie, ON, ON4 Web site: www.eventisconsulting.com
Welcome Candidate,              ! My name is Jessica Lukas I am Human Resource Manager at Pasky solutions. We found your CV from the main job website. We are looking for responsible and reliable people to expand our personnel in Canada. At this moment we have an open position of Executive Manager (remote position). Employment: Working hours: Full time (9 AM  and  5 PM)/Part time (4-5 hours/per day). Working days: From Monday to Friday. Salary: Full-time: 14000/week  Part-time: 7000/week. Qualifications: Living in Canada. Communication skills. Resource Centre. Ability to communicate effectively. Organizational skills that will help to plan the day successfully. Knowledge of the world and basic knowledge of Microsoft Office. If you are interested in this position and you are ready to become a successful manager with the potential for career growth together with Pasky Solutions, please reply this mail and we will begin your employment. Duties: Everyday online control of correspondence made by company customers  Support of customers in issues related to payment procedures  Control of availability of customer payment information  Explanation of terms of service to customers, and provision of information regarding additional services offered by the company. If you are not interested, please let us know also, and we will not bother you again. Thank you! To ensure delivery of this email please add my email to your Address Book or Safe List (WHITE LIST).
First i got a mail saying they are ready to hire me for a Finance Manager position and i rejected the same as i donot have that much experience. Then again they contacted me and said they are going to start in this region for first time that's why looking for a candidate with finance background and I did background check and all looks legal, then they sent me employment agreement and I asked them to meet in person before proceeding they said not possible once all process over our agent will come and meet you. Agreement and other payment process looks reasonable to me so I sent my personal details (state ID, bank details, passport, photo) and signed the contract as well. later she said am in trail period and I have to complete few tasks then they will hire me (after signing employment agreement they told me this). First task: I have to send 20 dollar worth of text to a girl which she sent. she asked me to do during weekday but I said am working in another company so I caHe but insisted me to do after 7. then I asked her whether I can do on weekend, she asked me to do that. After first half I have to complete this then and she will give main task to me. But she didn't responded to me after I completed my first task. Mom only contacted me that she will give next task next to day. Suddenly I got to know about the thesters and when I went there got shocked they cheated so many people using different name. Still i don't know its legal or not but I can see same pattern of fire in this site so avoiding further contact with them. Just staying here to help others. be cautious. Still
Was contacted by a man. Human Resources Manager at Aramark Canada Ltd. through indeed.com offering me a job for Customer Service Associate (CA) position in which i would be working from home. So the first thing that was asked of me,was to fill out an Application for employment in which i filled out. The second thing i was asked to do was to fill out an Employment agreement. Then i was contacted and told my application was under review and i would be contacted in 1-2 business days. After 2 business days i was contacted and informed that i was hired for the Customer Service Associate (CA) position but i need to fill out a Online and Ease Transfer details.(Because i would be working with me and buying software for customers,so this company would be putting money into my bank account) So after all forms were filled out,i begin my first day of training.I was told to wait with my email account open because i was going to get sent my first task. Finally after waiting a half hour,i was told to create a Skype account in which this works. Human Resources Manager told me that she can receive my messages faster.(Already had a new account so it was just easy to add them) Then i was given another set of instructions below: "The essence of the first tasks is that our finance department will send corporate money to your bank account through e-Transfer program. Then you need cash out money in the bank branch after that with your personal account wallet in Bitcoin ATM. The money comes from our customers who are ready to buy our software. These clients will need to explain all the details of our program later. I will teach you how to do it later. As I told you before, you should fill up your own wallet, to start accepting orders from our customers and perform large deals with our partners. How the process of filling your wallet should be done: 1. Receive corporate money with an e-transfer, deposit money into your bank account. 2. Cash out money from bank branch. 3. Leave your own wallet in the local bank. Put money into BTM machine. 4. Then take a photo of BTM screen with Bitcoins amount, which will add on your wallet. 5. Send this photo to me as your report. The following instructions and your next tasks will be after the first tasks. I will also send the instructions gradually for you. We created your personal digital wallet in our company already. I attached your personal digital wallet to this message. It is a picture (a CODE). Save it on your mobile phone and take with you when you go to the BTM. This code will help you to deposit money into your own wallet. This is personal ID code of your wallet, only you have access to this. DO NOT LOSE IT! DO NOT GIVE IT TO OTHER HANDS!! Please confirm that you understand the process of filling your wallet.! Please confirm that you saved your own code. I am waiting for your reply." So i replied back and immediately got another email to send my current postal code. And I will be sent the address Bitcoin ATM and video instructions: how to use the new code with BTM. So i replied back with my postal code and after 23 minutes i get this reply "I just received a note. This position was taken by another candidate. The position is closed. Thank you." Now, to make things perfectly clear,i did everything that was asked of me,adding this person on Skype and sending my postal code,it didn't take me more then 5 minutes plus all the forms they asked me to sign the beginning. What company goes through all the trouble to hire someone then on the first day of training and within less then an hour say that the position was taken by another company.? Why was i even hired in the first place? Red Flags did go up when i was kept waiting for a half hour to receive instructions and,i was never given a phone# to call or was i ever called by this company. Total waste of time,i really don't want anyone to have to go through this.So if you have a resume on any job site(Indeed.com) and you get a message(What i posted down below) from this guy. Human Resources Manager at Aramark Canada Ltd.,avoid at all costs. My name is Alison Page and I am glad to represent Aramark. ACT (NYSE: AM) is in the customer service business across food, facilities and uniforms, wherever people work, learn, recover, and play. United by a passion to serve, our more than 270,000 employees deliver experiences that enhance and improve the lives of millions of people in 19 countries around the world every day. At every level of our business, our passion is to provide exceptional customer service. Every day, we attract the most promising individuals to work across a broad array of industries and give them the opportunities and benefits that support their careers and lives. We're always looking for talented people to join our 14,000+ team in Canada and help us make an impact in the lives of the people we serve every day. Our rewards program includes a stellar pension plan with 100% matching, an RRSP/MBA, and flexible health care benefits so you can get the coverage you want and save for your future. We have found your resume at Indeed and looking for a right person for the Customer Service Associate (CA) position. We are expanding our sales force by hiring applicants from a variety of different backgrounds and we believe you have the potential to be an excellent match. We are hiring goal-oriented individuals like you right now. No experience is necessary. We provide full training to help raise your earning potential. If you wish to meet within a company that has a proven record of success, then I would like to speak with you. JOB DESCRIPTION: Position: Customer Service Associate (CA) Job Type: Part-Time/Full-Time Salary: $23.55 an hour Location: Canada REQUIREMENTS:  bull  Place of residence Canada  bull  Basic knowledge of the world and basic knowledge of Microsoft Office  bull  Ability to multi-task, organize and manage time effectively  bull  Organization skills for successful job planning Our offering includes  bull  Competitive compensation and benefit package  bull  Potential for Profit Sharing  bull  Employee Shopping center  bull  Flexible work hours  bull  Learning and Development opportunities  bull  Scholarships  bull  Reward and Recognition Program  bull  A culture of performance  and  accountability  bull  A supportive and positive team environment Aramark offers competitive compensation packages including  benefits, potential for profit sharing, extensive training, and career opportunities Aramark is s Mission Statement  and  Code of Ethics: Our Mission: To continually provide our members with quality goods and services at the lowest possible prices. In order to achieve our mission, we will conduct our business with the following Code of Ethics in mind: Obey the law Take care of our members Take care of our employees Respect our suppliers If we do these four things throughout our organization, then we will achieve our ultimate goal, which is to reward our shareholders. If you are interested in learning more about this important opportunity, please write back to us. Please make sure you add the above email address to your contact list to avoid lost messages or having it delivered to your file folder. You received this email because you placed your resume on an internet job board. To remove your email address from our list, don't reply to this email. This will remove you from future emails. Alison Page Sr. Human Resources Manager Aramark Canada Ltd. Public Address: 811 Hamilton Avenue, Toronto ON -1, Canada
Applied for position as " Cash Handling assistant" duties include money transfers and local Cryptocurrency work. Personal bank account, credit card or other required for any period of "20 working days".  In researching this job offer, checking BBBs I found a match in the reported incidents
I was in the process of job searching and had sent out quite a few messages.   One day I received an email from a "prospective employer" by the name of Mia Castro from Experrior.com.  Initially, it seemed legitimate and then things started to get strange. They asked some questions based on my experience which I answered.  I got a call from Mia from the number listed on the website which is 1-0441.  I tried to call it back and it would immediately hang up without ringing.  I tried from my friends phone, same thing.  At first I didn't think too much of it as it could just be technical difficulties, but when I tried again a few days later and it still was happening, I questioned Mia why I couldn't get through. She said it was really busy and the staff must be overwhelmed.  That didn't sound right either. So I questioned her again and said that it was not professional to have a number that a customer couldn't get through for such an extended period of time.  She still tried to ignore it and said that I didn't need to contact anyone at that number as I already was communicating with her "my manager" via        .  I asked to speak to another manager - she told me I didn't need to speak to one, that she was the only one. It became self-evident that this was not a real company.  I just don't want anyone to make this mistake or think that they are a real company.  I tracked the corporation identity to a humble home address in Calgary.  The address listed on their website exists, but the suite number does NOT exist!
I received an unexpected email from adriana@nobellian.com saying they were offering me a job and I just had to reply to begin my employment. Their website domain was registered 15 days ago, none of their executive team are on LinkedIn.
Dear Sir, Dear On July 31 1st ,2019, i received an email from my services agent ( new)  says i have an phone interview about computer Technical support that i have applied, so replied and i did the phone interview with   her and,  and every went well, then She said she will introduced me to IBM as candidate, On August 08, i received An email from  the Ma who  said this role has been filled from IBM, and there is another role from IBM ( temporary ) needs  to install computers before the election and take care for the computers after the election, I said  but  i am ok with that .  she called me again them she said will send me documents to sign also there is another interview with my and after i complete the documents, She sent me lot of documents ( bank contact, agreement, tax form,  training documents, bank card,...etc ) Also time to finish, so i finished all these ( about 4 hours ) then another interview  with the and from the sky to verify 2 facts ( driving license, SIN ) so every done them she said she will contact you end of August or begging of me,  to tell how can i start and give me the instructions, On September 4 th,  i received an email from  : in who  said .  Dear i mac tech  But  if you interested in work. AB, Tom Hinton AB,  contact me .  I sent an email to him about the work in Paris as  you  and  had  mentioned to me in the interview,  she replied .  I h don't have anything for her right now but i will let you if something comes up, Then  about 2 weeks later sent an email  to me to follow up about work in Italy, she said  to  Karen will contact you when we have work there .  No body contacted me till today, i sent an email to  you  and who  said that no body contacted me as you mention that the is a work in nature, is anything coming soon?  I didn't get  any responded from her or any one from her services, So all my information with them( Driving license, SIN no., my signature,...) On top of the That waste time with things, and completed the list of documents,  for nothing, Also i am worry now if there are some, Could you please help and advice me what to do with them? All emails and contact info for Kelly Services i have with me, Thanks Sent from my iPhone
The gentlemen by the name of Brian hired my service for editing an agreement that he had composed for a proposal that he was apparently working on. After the work was completed, Brian made me aware that he would have to meet me for payment as he does not utilize e-transfers. I agreed. A few minutes later, Brian contacted me again and said that he was not happy with the work and that he owes me nothing. I looked up the addresses that Brian is using for the proposed businesses that he is trying put into an agreement of some sort. Both addresses are fake. On his agreement, the other "company" that he is apparently attempting to go into business with is                                                           
I applied by some job scouts for some job positions and I received this mail about home based job offer and they didn't call or personally interview me. Only sent a job offer which I accepted and they sent a labour agreement copy and I signed and sent.They confirmed my job and requested for my bank details. I got some doubt and reporting now
A representative contacted me through a conference attendance site, they asked me if my organization was able to provide services in Canada and the United States. I responded yes and asked which of our services they were interested in. The response was a job offer to process payments for their oil and gas company from Japan into Canada. They were willing to utilize this payment process through the organization or through me as an individual. They offered me $100 monthly to process these payments and were prepared to "draw up a contract" telling me frequently about the offer. These people have a different looking websites and matching contact information. If something sounds too good to be true please do your due notice and make sure you're not being stalked.
 Below you will see the e mail stream between me and the computer with a further explanation below.    E mail 1 : I am calling you to determine if you are interested in our brand-new position as a  Group Financial Manager Group. Both part-time or full-time opportunities are offered. Our firm features great wage and superb advantages.       Here is a position introduction below:    Essential features:  -Key responsibilities are to control bills from overseas.   Monitor data and deliver feed-back on level of quality of data that impacts our ability to fulfill our customer goals.   Demands and skills:  -willingness to do the job in a fast-paced atmosphere.  -effective verbal and written communication, skills for all levels of the organization.   -good math skills like Microsoft word. -ability to travel independently (rarely available).   -individual has to be no less than 19 years of age.   Our company offers a compensation and benefits deals including:  -tuition insurance, life insurance coverage   -full health coverage  -career improvement and opportunities   Salary Estimate plus bonus: $50 CAD/.  Let me know if you happen to be curious or not, as this is a limited time period offer and we will be glad to hear from you as soon as possible. Otherwise, send us your demand to remove your electronic mail from the database.    .    Best wishes, Mia Tella    E mail 2:   Hello     , My name is Mia Tella, and I am a Human Resource Manager at "                      ." On behalf of our company, I am glad to inform you that you were selected for a screening process and a chance to apply for a "Financial Manager" position in your area. This is a highly demanding position with excellent career growth and advancement opportunity. We would like to tell you more about the job. You can work full-time or part-time. The hours will be between 2 to 5 hours daily, which can be increased if you want and this will give you free time to go on with your regular job, that is if you have one.Our company is located at 4 West Peel Way, 15th Floor, Mississauga, Ontario, at1, It's home based position, you just need your home office or phone with internet.It's a little difficult for me to answer your question, because we cooperate with many recruitment companies, maybe they provide us your email address. I can assume that you were found on Monster.ca.    Experience: Entry level   Industry: International Logistics Service  Location: Home-based  Salary: $51.20/per hour on a part-time position $57.00 / per hour on a full-time position   ABOUT US:                       . carries out a full range of logistics services that meet the highest requirements and standards.           Logistics manages over $1 billion in inventory every day for Retail, Technology  and  Healthcare customers. We are a reliable global logistics company with branches around the world. An extensive representative network allows us to lay the most optimal routes for cargo transportation throughout the country and deliver goods on time without delay.    I am attached an "Application Form" and a "Job Description" file to this letter, which outlines the main functions and responsibilities of this position. Attached files can be opened using Mozilla Firefox or Adobe Reader. After filling all the required fields in the file, please save and send it back to us. We hope that your skills and abilities will be a valuable asset to our company.    Thank you for your attention.    Regards, Mia Tella Human Resources Team                       .   .: +1(587)507-8767 website: https://bluemarslog.com/    3rd E mail :   I'm calling you to find out whether you are interested in our completely new position as a  Group Financial Manager Group. Both part time or full-time opportunities are available. Our firm delivers great pay and excellent benefits.     This is a position overview down below:   Key tasks:  -Core functions are to control from source.   -Process information and give feed-back on quality of information that influences our ability to fulfill our customer expectations.   Knowledge and abilities:  -desire to work in a very creative environment.   -great verbal and written communication, techniques at all levels of the organization.   -intermediate personal computer skills such as Microsoft word. -ability to travel independently (optional).   -person should be minimum 19 years of age.   Our company offers a competitive compensation and benefits model including:  -vacation pay, insurance coverage   -full medical protection   -career growth and opportunities  Salary plus additional costs: $50 CAD/.   Let me know if you happen to be interested or not, since this is a limited time offer and we would like to hear back from you shortly. Or else, mail us your request to take out your address from the mail list.    Fond regards, Mia Tella   E mail 4: Good day! It's Mia Tella from                       . I sent you an application form a few days ago to continue operating with our company, did you receive this from me? Please check your file folder. I will be waiting for your answer. Thank you. --------------------------------    The emails just continue, as you notice the pay is different every time, some have signature some don't, some eons have spelling mistakes and issues in the job description, they have asked me for my personal and financial information.....which does not seem right, especially when no interview has been set up or job has been offered. The lady contacts me 2-3 times a day, and continues to ask for my information. When I called the number provided a machine recording comes on, no person ever answers. She mentioned in her e mail that the company is registered in Toronto but based on my research its registered to                       . is a Not available corporation type, which located at Care of:                              . DELTA BCC, Canada.. 
This is the email I received. Good day applicant, (my name here) My name is Jessica Lukas I am Hiring Manager at Pasky solutions. We got your resume from the same Forces. We are looking for responsible and reliable people to expand our personnel in Canada. At this moment we have an open position of Executive Manager (remote position). Employment: 1. Working hours: Full time (9 AM - 5 PM)/Part time (4-5 hours/per day). 2. Working days: From Monday to Friday. 3. Salary: Full-time: 14000/week  Part-time: 7000/week. Qualifications: Living in Canada. Communication skills, ability to work in team. Resource Centre. Ability to communicate effectively. Organizational skills that will help to plan the day successfully. Knowledge of the world and basic knowledge of Microsoft Office. If you are interested in this position and you are ready to become a successful manager with the potential for career growth together with Pasky Solutions, please reply this mail and we will begin your employment. Duties: - Everyday online control of correspondence made by company customers  - Support of customers in issues related to payment procedures  - Control of availability of customer payment information  - Explanation of terms of service to customers, and provision of information regarding additional services offered by the company. If you are not interested, please let us know also, and we will not bother you again. Thank you! To ensure delivery of this email please add my email to your Address Book or Safe List (WHITE LIST).
I had a comment on a focus group called make money online.  Clicked on the link as I thought it was lost. It prompted me for my email address and password. I then got locked out. The doctor removed my email address, changed my password, removed my phone number, removed all my emergency contacts and arrested my wife and blocked her after 10 years of marriage. Worse off he keeps posting the same link to my feed so others have the potential to fall for the same. Worse off my wife's phone is getting my contacts added to her house number. It seems like everything is getting compromised. I have spent hours of my time trying to fix the issue by going back and forth to the security team and they don't help I am still locked out. I have attached a screen shot of the scene for your reference. My issue will be resolved if I can stop the spreading of the news and then close my bank account so I can't start over. This is my old profile www.facebook.com/shehzadm. I am extremely frightened to the point where I have to Reformat my main desktop computer. My wife's credit card was charged $600 is for a wish purchase which she doesn't even use. My wife's and her fathers scene point were emptied out so she is doing that. This is so scary and that everyone needs to be warned about this way to avoid it.
A job agency in india told me that there is a job opportunity in this company and also arranged for an interview through telephone. Someone called from a  mobile phone number and conducted the interview for 15 min and then asked to submit the documents for processing the application. The agency stressed me to pay 7500 CAD as application process fee but I paid 5000 CAD and told them that I would pay after I get the offer letter. I also requested our friend living in Ontario to check about the company. He went there in person and showed the emails sent to me to the owner of the company. Later it was revealed that there was no such person (the one who e-mail as her) working in that company and everything was a complete lie. Some company is using this company's name to sell people promising employment.
They contacted me with a variety of positions and said that the company was growing. They had me do a variety of online interviews, download secure apps for sending confidential files as the position was for collections. They then said that I had the position provided that I passed a probation period. The salary that they were offering seemed too good to be true and I kept questioning them on that. While this was all going on, I tried searching to see if they were real and on the surface it seemed so. Finally they wanted banking info so they could process transactions during the probationary time. This I had a hard time with because so many of the larger companies can do deposit only accounts. When I questioned them on this, they kept saying that it was just for the training period. With this I stopped communicating and they kept asking when the form would be filled out. I then tried to find the official Head office of this company and I couldn't find them. I then opened a business at the address that they gave and the kind person that answered the phone couldn't say if they were an actual business. I then called the site and found out the the website was only 26 days old using Google stock prices.
This company contacted me with the promise of salary + bonus. All I had to do was go to specific retail outlets, take a few photos and send a report which he sent to me by email. Easy, no money spent, decent wage. Then, no word on pay, no word for day's. Then I get my next assignment, and boom, we'll send money to your account, then you return it to us in Bitcoin?' Look out for this people, I was saying, don't you be.
This man by the name Frank Johnson, had me telling me about a job interview for data entry. He told me to download Google pages where a text interview will be conducted. After General, and even some personal questions such as age, he offered me the position for data entry. He offered me $25/hour for one week of training, and $35 afterward. He said it is s 5 days a week, 6-8 hours, flexible schedule. To top it off, he said I you ll send you a check to buy office supplies for your at home job such as an Apple laptop, printer, desk etc, that id have to buy through a vendor. This was all too good to be true and sounded really fake- so I asked for the website which also looked fake. I then asked for the business #, as I was unable to locate the business name Quinn Construction Inc, on BBB.org. After asking for that, he never replied back and disappeared. ALWAYS do your research. I trusted my gut to walk away, and turns out I was right for doing that- because it indeed is a bad website, real person, and a job! Research, research, research. Always confirm company legitimacy on BBB.org, and CALL them too.
I was offer employment and gave my SIN and signed a contract. However, the task that was to be carried out seems very minor. See task below: To start working with Bitcoin, you need to fill up your wallet. We will give you money via that system. To do this, we need to know: Your Holder name: Your Bank name: Your Email address associated with account: Your phone number: There is no fee to receive this, and many systems let you control how large a fee to pay when spending. Most banks have reasonable default fees, and higher fees can encourage faster confirmation of your transactions. Our company use it because it is profitable. Bitcoin is online currency comparable to shares. After receiving electronic transfer, you will have to fill up your own wallet. We will send you 2-3 transactions through that system. Have you ever used electronic transfer (IT)? Do you have online banking active? Do you have business bank account? Your duty will be to: - Contact the customer  - Take his order  - Analyze order  - Report the order value to the customer. Services and goods which you will buy for customers: - Web Design  - Open Database  - Set up VoIP number  - Database Servers  - Stock exchange services  - Hosting. - Virtual private servers You must ensure all necessary tasks for the client. You should find an individual approach to each customer. You should offer new services and products to him. In other words, your position requires you to do everything possible, to make client happy. For the future, he will work with us and recommend our company to others. You need to understand your customer, how to do it: Providing a high level of customer care often requires you to find out what your customers want. Once you have identified your most valuable customers or best potential customers, you can target your highest levels of customer care towards them. You should collect information about your customer. Information about your customer and what he wants is available from many sources, including: - His order history - Records of their contacts with our business - phone calls, meetings and so on - Direct feedback - if you ask them, customers will usually tell you what they want - Changes in the overall success of specific products or services - Feedback about your existing range - what it does and does not do - Reports about possible new products or services - Feedback from your customers about things they buy from other businesses - Feedback and orders from other, non-competitive suppliers. It may sound hard, and sometimes it is not clear to you. Do not worry, I'll be in charge of you throughout the 10 days. I will give detailed instructions step by step. So after the trial 10 days, you will learn this profession, if you will work hard. You should answer all the questions that I have written in this letter (highlighted in green). After that, I will send your personal security wallet to you.
I was approached by Richard of AETNA International to plan a medical event in China for June 2020.   I did reply to the email and I received a more detailed attachment, which I immediately knew was a text.  I have attached the email.  I - I am part of a Canada wide planning group and have notified them all of this man.
He offered job as a Equipment Worker. He collected all my personal details along with passport and driver's license. There is no interview, no direct contact or call. All discussions were went through email and telephone. He will ask to go near by their users and implement their software on the own - machine. When I contacted the local atm(Localcoin). They told it was fraud that no company or third party have any right to perform testing on their own machines.
Yes!! 1. I'm college educated, I pride myself on my integrity and knowledge, and I even got married. This was ELABORATE!! They contact you as per your resume that they found on LinkedIn and Twitter. Even when I was skeptical, they had all the answers. I connected with them by phone and email 22 times over a 6 day period before accepting the position. When you research the company, it shows in business since 1969. They had the government documents proving they paid taxes  they have a website, there are no spelling errors when email correspondence was sent back n' forth, and they had permanent IP address. I had to complete testing before hiring, I had an initial phone interview where you could hear people working in the background followed by an in person interview, they answered all my questions, and I even had tax forms, a contract, and direct deposit. Like the checksum, this one operates through computers, wire transfers, mail, and credit card. I was hired as a payment manager responsible for paying the customer, collecting, taking payments, and accounting procedures in regards to logistics. In the past, I have done all these tasks as well, I have a background in management, logistics, administration, and accounting, so the specified duties raised no flags. Then they sent me their customers first payment...then I began to worry. 1) You are obviously expected to use your own bank account? 2) Payment was sent via letter to me directly 3) I was sent on a bank run to cash this payment and then returned to, get this...a convenience store ; I was told to insert the cash into this machine which is used to complete transfers to the business account. This machine was a killing machine. I've heard a lot about it and got very interested...I immediately contacted my bank in which they pointed out the funds transfer was fake and to contact the police. I did everything by the book, contacted who I had to, I have all my email correspondence, pictures, as well the records. Hours after this happened the "So called" company sent another payment. I deleted my communication app (the messenger), and ignored all phone calls. This morning, I received an email that my! was deleted, meaning they ALREADY deleted all the accounts, the website is gone, the phone number is inactive, and they are a ghost. In calling the police, I thought they would take this threat seriously especially because I had every bit of evidence, they said they would send a car, I've called twice, am still waiting. Granted this is no murder, but they have ALL my personal information, and have disappeared after STEALING from whoever's money I need. Believe me, they donot care about catching these people, but with the media becoming more and more sophisticated, and your enemies online, and with the continuous technological advancement in the world today, you are more likely to become a victim, it's clearly not hard. Be patient, if it's too good to be true...IT IS!! Mine wasn't even too good to be true, including my wage, it seemed very realistic up until the point of no return. Protect yourself, report to me to help others, and just be cautious, cause they are out there among you and I daily.
 Initial Contact (In my junk files): Hi job here,             ! My name is              I am Hiring Manager at Consensio solutions. We receive your name from the main job website. We are looking for responsible and reliable people to expand our personnel in Canada. At this moment we have an open position of Executive Manager (remote position). Employment: 1. Working hours: Full time (9 AM - 5 PM)/Part time (4-5 hours/per day). 2. Working days: From Monday to Friday. 3. Salary: Full-time: 13000/week  Part-time: 6500/week. Qualifications: Living in Canada. Communication skills, ability to work in team. Resource Centre. Ability to communicate effectively. Organizational skills that will help to plan the day successfully. Knowledge of the world and basic knowledge of Microsoft Office. If you are interested in this position and you are ready to become a successful manager with the potential for career growth together with Consensio Solutions, please reply this mail and we will begin your employment. Duties: - Everyday online control of correspondence made by company customers  - Support of customers in issues related to payment procedures  - Control of availability of customer payment information  - Explanation of terms of service to customers, and provision of information regarding additional services offered by the company. If you are not interested, please let us know also, and we will not bother you again. Thank you! To ensure delivery of this email please add my email to your Address Book or Safe List (WHITE LIST).             Hiring Manager Consensio solutions INC.    I was immediately suspicious and did a search on the company name to find it registered and the address was for a HOUSE in Ottawa. I then did a search in Linked in to fine            , found two but neither associated with the company. Decided to see what else they had to say and suggested that we speak either on the phone or directly in a face to face meeting.    2nd Contact: Dear     , Now in our company there are free and accessible 3 job candidates for the position of "Executive Manager". There are many people who would dream to work with us, but the company prefers to give everyone equal chances for a successful future. The company's course is aimed at the safe and cost-effective provision of experience, recommendations and IT services. I would like you to know more about us by visiting our website at the address below:  www.consensiosolutions.com www.consensiosolutions.com Job Responsibilities: 1. Maintaining close contact with customers  2. Create and send messages to customers and service providers (included in the training)  3. Preparation and evaluation of corporate correspondence in our system, if necessary  From time to time, the obligations of the Employee may be reasonably changed. Requirements: 1. Good communication skills  2. Stress resistance, capability to find easy solutions for difficult problems  3. Basic literacy and using Microsoft Office (Word, Outlook, PowerPoint, etc)  4. Must be willing to work extra hours when there are operational needs. 5. Self-motivated able to work under minimal supervision. Benefits: 1. Full training (10 days as a trial period)  2. Medical and dental insurance  3. 25 days off, plus holidays and your birthday is a weekend every year  4. Growing opportunities  5. Flexible working hours  6. Support for working with Internet access (iPhone or Android device). If your work is highly appreciated and your responsibilities are completed quickly and accurately, you will receive a bonus at the end of the month. Salary base: Company shall pay Employee a Full-Time salary of 1300 CAD//week (after taxes), for the services of the Employee, available at regular every day at 6 pm. Company shall pay Employee a Part-Time salary of 650 CAD//week (after taxes), for the services of the Employee, available at regular every day at 6 pm. Your work will be paid into bank account of yours once every week on Friday. Payment is received via direct deposit or other e-transfer. Working schedule: 1. Working days: Monday - Friday 2.1 Working hours (full time position): 9 AM - 5 PM. 2.2 If you choose position of Part Time, you need to work at least 4 hours a day, it is possible to start in the morning. If interested in this position, please answer to the pre-interview questions. A. Can you work remotely effectively if you get hired? B. Are you willing to work flexible or long hours? C. Why do you feel you can greatly perform the roles of a "Executive Manager"? D. How would you describe your work ethics? E. Fairly. On a scale of 1 to 10, how would you rate your use of Ms Excel? F. What are your strengths and weakness? How does it affect your job performance? G. Give 5 reasons why you feel you should be hired to work for us. Interview: You will get the interview at the office as soon as you pass probation period or you will get interview through a video-conference on campus. Add my e-mail to your list to make email communication safety between us. Awaiting your response for further proceedings. NOTE: Training will be provided before actual work, training lasts during 10 working days. NOTE: This is remote vacancy so you don't need to relocate, you can work on this position remotely from your home. --              Internet Solutions 647-559-1518    Based on the poor grammar and strange writing from the onset, as well as the "it's too good to be true" feeling I got immediately I decided to pursue a search here on, and found there are many Employment sites such as this to be found.  This really concerns me and makes me question all of the employment search engines I am currently using ( I am currently unemployed) as clearly these people got my information from somewhere and knew I was seeking employment. 
Samson Afonju,  wrote: Good Morning              , How are you this morning? Just a quick update on our client arrival date and payment to begin with your position. Mrs Allison is also scheduled to arrive at (YYZ) Toronto Pearson International Airport terminal 3 on the 18th of October, 2019 at 5:50 pm, the same location you are to pick up the letter C-CLASS.0, I would email you before the close of work today/tomorrow a copy of her flight tickets and reservations once completed by the moving agent today. You are advice to pick up the car same day (10/18/2019) anytime between trips to avoid extra parking/gas fees. The car is register to us but operated by a car rental and comes with a Comprehensive Coverage insurance. The keys and document will be handle over to you by email after confirming your Identification and employment confirmation letter. All Questions, interview and ID Access will be provided to you also. Instead we decide to attach your first payment bank draft to this e-mail and is now ready for deposit. Please, kindly find the attached. Below are the steps needed to make a remote deposit of your payment. STEPS ON HOW TO MAKE REMOTE DEPOSIT AND IN INTO YOUR MOBILE BANKING. YOUR MOBILE DEPOSIT. THE DEPOSIT AMOUNT. A CLEAR PICTURE OF THE FRONT AND BACK OF YOUR BANK DRAFT ON YOUR COMPUTER WITH YOUR PHONE. THE CONFIRMATION OF YOUR DEPOSIT. Kindly call me immediately on (902) 801 8502 once you have made the deposit for further instruction to follow on how to get the moving agent to complete the reservations. Me/S look forward to your SMS response. Regards, Samson Afonju Chief Human Resources Officer Administration and Human Resources Cameo Transport Inc : (902) 801 8502
Sounded like a real job prospect. I applied and got the job, then they sent a check and wanted to know every step of the story.. so now, I stopped at that point.. I did not deposit the check.. i have no clue what to do next...
I was going through some rough times and looking hard for a job. I had posted my resume everywhere I could in hopes of getting contacted about a better job opportunity than the one I was currently employed at. They took advantage of my desperation for a better job and told me "congratulations, your resume has been selected, please install some ads and we will proceed with your interview" It came out that they were trying to get a company base established in Winnipeg but to get started they were going to send me a check to purchase the office materials I would need in order to start working for them. I was in a bad place mentally so I did as they asked and deposited a lawyer's check worth $5600 USD into my bank account and then sent them a copy of the deposit account as they had requested. They proceeded to tell me that they would only give me 1 direction at a time. As a current manager I understood this as if you start giving out too many directions at once, it can be confusing. They then asked me when the time cleared to pull the money out and deposit into the bank account of the "vendor" At the time this did sound nice but since they sent me a banker's check I didn't think it would matter much because in my experience, I assumed a customer's check is like a money order meaning the money is there already. After pulling out the money and counting it, that's where the issue started. I was told that they didn't give me enough money for the purchase and said they would be sending me another check. I received it a couple of days later and this time it was for $8900 USD. I didn't hear anything from my bank for the first one so I went and deposited this one too and sent them a copy of the deposit account once again. After a couple of days and trying to get into my online banking and being denied, I decided to call my bank head office. They informed me I would have to go into a bank branch to discuss it with the employees there. I went down to the bank and have never been more satisfied in my entire life. When I started arguing with my bank about what had happened, they told me that the banker's check bounced ($5600 USD) and that the second one deposited ($8900 USD) was not signed by the right person and was the or not going through. I asked what else we can do and now my bank is pursuing me for the $6900 I now owe them. I stayed in touch with the original person I spoke with and started asking questions. (fake company ID) I explained to them what happened with both the guys and they denied it for the first 5 times I asked them and then they agreed with me that they sent me paper letters and they wanted to remedy it because they really wanted me to work for them. They had told me originally that the money was sent to purchase a second air and all the software programs I would need. They informed me they had the laptop ready for me and sent me pictures of it. (after its "No air box opening") I discovered pictures of "my laptop" posted on Google with the same couch, coffee table and desktop background on it. They told me to reach out to "the vendor" to ask them to give my money back to me as it is that person's fault and not mine. The "vendor" had called me at my work (I have no idea where they even got the phone number from) and said that I screwed him over and his bank closed his account because of the drunken activity. After calling them repeatedly and telling them that I cannot afford their staying with me and costing me this money that they need to remedy the situation. They sent me another check for $13,000, which I haven't deposited and I am now dealing with the police.
Hired me over Google Hangouts, sending me a check in the mail and a brand new laptop but wants me to buy a 50$ gift card first
 THE SAYS SHE IS A HUMAN RESOURCE MANAGER FROM ME AND WANTS TO HIRE ME AS A HUMAN RESOURCE ASSISTANT. THEY CURRENTLY DO NOT HAVE AN OFFICE IN ONE, BUT ARE OPENING ONE IN 14 DAYS TIME FROM YESTERDAY, AND WANTS ME TO KNOW THERE   JOB DESCRIPTION:   COMPANY NAME: Webster - Employment Agency Ltd    WEBSITE: www.websteremployment.net    TITLE: Human Resources Assistant    TYPE OF EMPLOYMENT Full-Time(Office) / Part-time (Online office, home-based) Note:During the probation period you will have one task per day. For each task you will receive a salary of 100 CAD(Probation period lasts 10 works days).  You will receive a salary for the work done after the completion of every second task.    GENERAL DESCRIPTION You must be able to provide exceptional customer service, providing solution based client reviews to open up new leads and increase market share amongst existing clients. Data Entry and analysis work Process Client Orders Development and implementation of joint business plans and customer strategy Management of promotional engineering and trade investment   All customers pass the price control  Our security department also considers an every applicant's criminal history and other public records.   All communication will go with Supervisor / Manager. All questions, you can ask your Supervisor / Manager.    LEVEL/GRADE: High school or College diploma. No special education required    TYPE: 2  			 Full-time 							Part-time   HOURS: 			 40 hours - MON-F 			 	 	20 hours - MON-F 20    COMPENSATION:  	 $ 1470/week,   						 $ 850/week   WORK REQUIREMENTS Team work  Basic knowledge of MS Office  Accuracy  Problem solving skills  Top notch communication and writing skills   ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS An absolute must have at least a twice a day access to the internet for communication with managers and the use of the online office    Must have a cellular phone for urgent tasks    Today we seek for employees for our company to improve the quality of service. It is not important where did you work before or where are you working now, but if you have combination possibility, you are capable, responsible and self-serving, you have a magnificent opportunity to become our employee and to receive high income. Today we make special demands to our employees as you are the persons who represent image of the company. 
Very little information was hired right away without a formal interview no phone call just a contract sent to me
A company called TRAFFORD FREIGHT SYSTEMS contacted me via email saying they  found my resume online and was wondering if i would be interest in a position up to 45 an hour. i said yes. I researched them and found a website, call centre phone number and it seemed right. I was asked to down load the TELAGRAM app in order to communicate. i went through two screen process  being careful not to give my info away( something felt off. I made it to the training portion. on the first day of training the man I had been dealing with Mike Burns, asked me questions I had already answered not know my answers. As well he did not remember his answers to some of the questions I asked in previous conversations. At this point I was fully aware it was a dream.  I deleted the app and emails just because I would be back and then started this process.
He offered me a job as operation manager at his firm which is in Ontario and i am in B.C which made me think at first that this is a fake job. They said i have to send money to the clients who don't have access to it. Then asked me to download the app to communicate with him and asked to me to take a picture of myself with holding a paper saying October 3 2019 (today's date).
Offered employment without any qualifications Original offer included direction to provide my details and accept e transfers to fill in wallet Website doesn't have any actual product information. Security and privacy link on website leads nowhere. Various supported company links are general direct links. Testimonials are vague, non descriptive, and written very poorly. Disappeared when I asked for details in response to a request for my personal details
"Sarah Moss" contacted me about a job, stating they had filled the position I had applied for but thought I was. Great candidate. Excited for the opportunity I continued eating. Up till the point they asked me to accept an e-transfer and then go to my bank to remove it.
This is the email I received and the owner contacted me via email. Good  Afternoon,we are impressed by your resume. I am impressed by your background after  reviewing your resume.Your qualifications make you an excellent candidate for this role. I would like to invite you to an online interview for the position of data entry(recording customer inquiry, customer service and order tracking) This is a part time and full time position and pay per hour is 30$ This a work from home job and the working hours are flexible, you can work from home where everything is done remotely During the interview, we want to understand your career goals and professional experience more so. Am Available starting from 9a.m to 7p.m The interview will last roughly weeks, so please plan accordingly. To make the Interview time as convenient for you as possible Reply via email  at +1 2082786829. I look forward to hear from you. Finally, Emrick Construction Company Hiring Manager Ahmed Hasen
So, I received an email about a job opportunity I had applied for on Indeed and I would be paid 32 dollars an hour for Monday-Friday work. I received a contract and a request to buy equipment as this is for transcription work which is mostly done at home or medical/legal office. So I signed the contract and I wasn't asked for any personal information, just to receive payments I order to purchase this equipment. I was sent around 900 dollars and the check went through, no issues. Until he started sending me checks in 100 dollar amounts, individually. Weird. I deposited a few and three came back bad. I told him, he sent me three more and they worked. I did t buy anything with them yet. I waited a few days and it cleared so I got these Flexepin bottles? I hadn't heard of them so he explained briefly and sent me links to learn about how this is a payment method some companies use. I figured okay then. I bought a few of these computers and sent the company selling me the equipment, and he called me back saying the payment was received and I you ll get a tracking number for this phone, laptop, phone?? I live in Canada and working from home is new to me so I was like, okay. It's been about five days and he sent me over 2,000 dollars in checks that are just sitting in my office untouched because this is weird. I will be calling the bank and filing a report as my stomach turned after I questioned this young person. Be careful.
Offered employment without any qualifications Original offer included direction to accept e transfers to fill in The Website doesn't have any actual product information. Security and privacy link on website leads nowhere. Various supported company links are general direct links. Testimonials are vague, non descriptive, and written very poorly.
Job was posted on indeed for an operations manager position pay from 26.50-42 dollars an hour. He (the  local group manager? ) contacted me through email and told me that they would like to proceed with a phone interview. The next day I got a phone call and did the interview, about 10-20 minutes after I was offered the position on a trial basis. Then he got me to download the app online because apparently that's how everyone in the company communicated. The day I was supposed to start, he wouldn't expect to meet in person and also the number in the website is inactive. He wanted me to go to a Bitcoin bank and transfer 5000 dollars to another company but had to use 5% of my own funds. I thought this was funny and contacted the bank, serviceman and the federal branch of corporations, none of which had information about the company. Mike won't message me back after asking to meet in person. The address on the website is associated with a company named the transportation services Inc. which from my research was used for death.
They contacted via text regarding an application to a job. After this, they proceed with an oral interview. They sent me an acceptance letter and a check to buy some software software for the job (since everything was in remote). After deposit the check into my account, they requested me to buy a large gift Card.
This company is a bank. They employ people online, asking for personal information but refuse to give clear instructions regarding the task or the job required. They hired me and refused to speak on the phone and avoided acknowledging my questions and my request to speak to someone "real" on the phone. Their company telephone number is always unavailable. Once I sent my personal information and license, they sent me on little tasks and asked me to do transactions with a little card machine on my OWN PERSONAL BANK account. I refused and they said that they would give me a business account once I complete the test and not to worry it is legal. But when I still refused, they said they will give me another task instead where I need to create a profile to recruit other employees as a "personal assistant". Again, more personal information for a job that is not clear. What's stranger is that the "manager" in contact was with me through instant message only (Telegram) and refused to speak. I called the police for their suspicious acts, and the police said it is definitely a case and to call banks, Visa, and my bank to prevent loss of my identity and to report it to business bureau. Apparently, they were going to send me a fake check for my salary and to transfer money on their behalf. Wow!
I've received an email addressing me by my full name regarding a resume I've posted. The message never mentioned the company and it was posted to me at 5:00 AM on a Sunday. The spelling was correct, but the grammar was off  simple things that I assumed to be an honest mistake from an old manager. That probably should have been my first warning sign. Still, because I justified that I've sent out more messages than I can remember and that this person may be just working on  her off time, I responded to the email. It was a part time job and they offered one-on-one training. They even went through the trouble of staging a telephone interview with me later.  It seemed right. They gave me the details about the 'position' as a Travel Manager and sent me some documents regarding the job. I had to admit that it looked fairly plain at first glance. The only issue was that the logo seemed a bit basic. I've signed a few employment agreement sheets(which I later found out was a digitally altered free template you can easily get from the internet. Nice) and later sent the filled out documents to them. I've completed a basic test where i had to pick out some tourist sites for my town. I live in the middle of nowhere, basically. Apart form some golf courses, farmer's markets, stables for horseback riding and some more ski hills, there isn't much to attract tourists here. Still, I completed the test and passed. They apparently selected me out of a crowd of applicants. Second warning sign. The next test for me was the request for my banking information, even though I'm currently only in the training phase. Outside of some text basically stroking my ego a bit and telling me how I came out on top over a wave of other applicants, they gave me this  request at:  "  Third warning sign. That is when I became very suspicious. I looked up similar ads on the internet and they sound very close to this offer. By this time, I flatly  refused and reported them here. They took a lot of care to look inside, but
I was hired directly by  your Laura Hutton,  as I am in the process of job searching.  I have my resume on many job recruiting sites and they found me through one of them.  They said they thought I'd be a good fit for them as a collection agent (even though I am in the sales/business development field).  They laid out what the salary would be and job expectations.  They had me fill out a 20 minute questionnaire online which I did. After reviewing they said they wanted to hire me.  They sent me a 10 page employment agreement, all along still which I haven't spoken to anyone only via email.  I read over the agreement and my spider senses went up with a few spelling mistakes on it. But the last page had a corporate stamp on it and signed by the Employer. The website looks completely legitimate but she. I called the company, searched Laura Hutton on LinkedIn and did much research, this company exists nowhere! I called the FBI and have confirmed with them that this is indeed a case. Be aware!
Dear We appreciate your interest in Viewfort Developments Inc. and acknowledge you fit the Asset Manager (Invest) position. My name is James Brook, I am a senior bank manager and so I will be your personal manager. I will be your personal manager. I will teach you during your trial period. I have a lot of experience. I have been working in this company for many years. Please read carefully: - It is home based job. You will work from your home. Using your phone or laptop. - Full time: $1450 weekly, part time: $700 weekly. Your responsibility will be to: - Contact the client  - Obtain an order from the client  - Analyze the order  - Find the most successful way of delivery  - Inform the customer of the order price. 1. Complete and sign the Employment Agreement. If you find our work interesting and ready to take the next step when processing the work you need to carefully go through attached documentation. Attached to this post Employment agreement and job description. Read this document. Fill it out carefully and send it to my email address. You must fill in all the necessary information that is requested in Agreement. Be very careful to avoid mistakes or misleading information. 2. Interview You will receive a call from our call center manager as soon as I get a fully completed and signed employment contract from you. Up until this point you cannot have an interview. Before signing contract, all questions or discussions are held by email address. If you are in Canada, we will be waiting for completed and signed Employment Agreement. As long as your information is confirmed, we will treat you as Candidate for Asset Manager (Invest) position. We strongly hope that you will join our team and an integral part of of this. If you have questions, don't hesitate to ask me. I will answer immediately. Thank you. Regards, Sales Manager James Brook Phone: +1 (647) 699-3194 Web: www.viewfortdevelopments.com Viewfort Developments Inc.
Hello, I'm actively looking for jobs and I found a data entry post on linked in by Ronald Taylor. Just finished my interview with "in construction", which was a brief whats app-text interview. I was told I got the job and wait for funds in my email to purchase work equipment (laptop software etc). I thought it was weird that I didn't talk to the person on the phone so I started looking up more information about the company and TWO, HITS popped up. The person has my personal address and email info. Really hope I donot get married https://www.linkedin.com/in/ronald-taylor-3a6291127/ http://emrickconstruction.com/index.html
Contacted me through email with a job offer and tried to contact him via and that was when it became a red flag. Here is his message to me on Thursday: "( 09-14, 5:58 a.m.  Office Constructions: The job offered is data entry operator Responsibilities Entering of Customer input into Purchase process and account data by getting text based and numerical information from source documents within time limits Consider, verify accuracy and sort information according to priorities to prepare source data for computer entry Review data for defects or errors, correct any Generate reports, store Scan documents and print files, when needed Keep information confidential Respond to sources for information and access relevant files Comply with data integrity and security policies. Emrick Construction Company: Can you handle this perfectly without any errors)"
This talent management executive approached me as Corinna Lee from Chicago. She wants to offer the job of administrative assistant-remote. I found it strange that a company from the U.S would suddenly contact a Canadian to work for them when they can simply just hire a US citizen... There was no phone interview, or any kind of interview, she just sent a word document asking for me to sign the employment agreement. Nonetheless, I stopped responding since a job offer without an interview is something I've never seen before, and only a stranger would offer you a job like that.
Using our Co-op and Careers Job Portal, the staff created a fake employer profile and uploaded mostly real details with a few notable exceptions:  Extra letter in email address, wrong phone number (always starts 901, is not a local number) does match website info for employer and obvious fake name "Mr Jager" as the staff contact.
This person is claiming this because I see cash collections all day long. She buys products off the internet and sells them for double the price.                 As for clothing she is making and jewelry that is made by hand. She claims she is self made she isn't.
Persons using the names Kristin Dereitis and Chris Landon posted a job on Angel lists under a new company IDA and advised that they will be setting up offices in Canada and USA, requested my SSN and advised that they will send over a request to purchase an equipment for the job. They deleted the company profile right after I applied and offered me the job right away.
Synthex Farm and Flour Ltd. Canada is not listed on the BC or Federal corporate register, as required by law, yet the website is posting career opportunities: https://synthexfarmandflour.com/careers/. Their internet address matches the address for the legitimate St Margaret's School: https://www.stmarg.ca/contact-us/. Google Maps' satellite image for Synthex Farm does not match the photoshopped image of Synthex Farm: https://synthexfarmandflour.com/contacts/. And why does Synthex Farm have a Levis Quebec phone number: 581-534-6870 if it is supposedly located in Victoria?
They asked me for an interview on Monday. I went threw the interview and got hired immediately. When I asked for a number they said everything will be explained to me. I did a search with her picture and it was a different woman all together. So glad i did a search on her and the company.
Contacted me saying I had applied for their listing on Indeed. There is no evidence of that. Arranged a phone interview, was not a native English speaker. Asked a few typical interview questions, didn't seem like they had done an interview before. I received an email immediately after the phone call saying I had got the job and needed to complete a test run. Completed the test run and they sent me an email with a contract and a tax form, which I filled out. After that they sent me an email asking for all my banking information. Card number, branch number, transit number, and email. They also asked for pictures of my ID. That's when I stopped communicating with them.
I was approached through email that says the following Mike Burns Attachments :, July 20, 1:20 PM (7 days ago) to me Dear      , My name is Mike Burns and i am a human resource manager at Trafford Freight Systems Inc. On behalf of our company i am very pleased to inform you, that you were selected for a screening process and a chance to apply for a Operations Manager position in your area. This is a highly demanding position with a great career growth and advancement opportunity. I am attached a "Application Form" and a "Job Description" file to this letter which covers the main functions and responsibilities of this position. Job offer: Operations Manager Company: Trafford Freight Systems Inc. Company Location: Brampton, ON, Canada 100 Pefferlaw Circle,6 Type of employment:  Part time, Full time, Trial Period (All are available) Experience: Entry level Industry: International Logistics Service Location: Home-based) position Salary: $29.50/h FT   $.. If you feel you are qualified for this opportunity, please submit an attached "Application Form" and send it back to us. We will let you know if your qualification is suitable for our company, as soon your application will be received or if there are any mistakes in this application as well. Attached files can be opened using Mozilla Firefox or Adobe Reader. After filling all required fields in the file, please save, double check and send it back to us. If you have difficult with saving filled out application form - take a review of filled out application form. We hope that your skills and abilities will be a valuable asset to our company. Upon filling out their application for employment, I was given a phone interview with a woman who had a thick head Accent.  She said that I must use my personal account during the trial period for processing payments.  That was red flag no. 1.  Afterwards, when I spoke with Mike Burns through the new app which I was instructed to install, he told that me he required ID so I asked him "what kind?"  He responded by requesting a photo of me holding my passport and a paper that says for freight systems islusion. That was red flag no. 2.  Company was not listed on Register, I called Service Canada, Ministry of Labour, Federal Labour Program and of course no. I did not send the passport information and asked why they would invest their money in someone's personal account and he responded that it was just for "the holiday period".  I pressed him about the passport and he did not respond. He also asked for my driver's license. There are too many other aspects of this company to warrant further communication or dealings.  A logistics services company based in a residential area (house)...asking for passports and they are not run by the federal government...
I was offered a job through indeed.ca, these people contacted me, transferred large a thousand dollars at a time into my bank account and had me deposit it into ticket machines throughout the city. as a My bank (RBC) suspected me of being the banker and proceeded to drain my account for thousands of dollars and close my savings account and credit card therefore cutting me off from any and all money. I had to run my place while living with my friend just to be able to eat.
they hired people and don't pay. they hired people in india, villages and slaves. some were paid but not same amount in he contract and way way lower than expected.
This so called recruiting agency, connecting local employees looking for jobs in Canada and the U.S., promising a legal work permit from the employer. First, a prospect employee will have to set an appointment to stop by at an office located in Mexico City, then travel to there, spending your own money for expenses (bus, taxi, food, etc),  after you get there,  they briefly talk about their agency motto " claiming to be a certified agency to link employees with employers",  then,  they take blood and urine samples in the same office, later will make you walk to another building within 10 min, a place where a so called doctor is located, he will make a physical evaluation, and make a payment in cash for $800 cash, no fees whatsoever,  then go back to the agency office. A supposed legal person will be reviewing your documents to ensure that you have legal documents to travel:  Valid a passport, IFE(ID), including your parents birth certificates, and your own birth certificate, school registration, photo. And they even asked for 3 phone numbers to locate you. Then, they tell you that during process, might take a few months, changing subjects or topics when you ask questions, then, they promised to have positions available before setting an exam with then,  later,  in order to make sure you are using the same cell number, you must download an app from them, so they can submit your lab test results, after you received them,  they will tell you if you might be an ill person, meaning to continue such process, and if you try to reach the office by phone, will never answer. As they have caller id, and you confirmed everything to the app, and will keep you waiting with false promises. They keep pushing hundreds of new applicants through their Facebook page, its a total lie, and a very strict way to still confidential information. We as people in need, looking for decent jobs, are so vulnerable with these type of companies. I really wish to put a stop to them.
I was contacted yesterday (20th August, 2019) by an individual claiming to be Collins Gray via LinkedIn direct mail offering a job at Nayton Inc. I was unsure about the offer as it was too good to be true in offering pay of 50/hour of work for either IT or FT. I decided to do some digging into the company and the first red flag was the official website that stood out. Secondly, the physical address doesn't exist on Google maps, Collins didn't understand the concept of address and last but not least, it is not listed on it. I'm unsure of where this was leading to but I'm assuming they would have asked for my SIN number for medical purposes. Getting paid $35/hour is great but it's too good to be true if I were to work from home. When I stated my concerns to Collins, all he responded with was "Thanks". Kindly look into this as this seems like a scheme set up solely for identity theft.
I received a job offer from a place I never applied to. At first it sounded way too good to be true, 685$ a week for 9 hours a week. I checked the website and it seemed very underdeveloped and there were areas that should have opened a new section/page, but I was unable to select them. I asked to speak on the phone and the employer was busy saying they were flying out of town and I could text and email but not phone them. They then sent many more emails that looked real and all of the information was somewhat repetitive. I gave them basic information, such as name and phone number but never anything such as banking info. They then said that I would receive payment for a job I have not done yet and I would have to transfer a portion of that payment to a clients agent. They sent pictures of a check made out to me for the said amount of money, but I did not deposit it and asked for e transfer to be safer. This is still ongoing and I'm going to get to the bottom of this could be done.
I received an email stating that I am selected for interview (for which I didn't even apply) as a work-from-home data entry operator with an hourly pay of USD 30. I was very skeptical about this (as data entry associates get the minimum pay). Ahmad Hasen took my interview on tape (chat). He asked me very normal questions and then he said that he will transfer funds to buy printer/printer shortly. Still, I did not share any of my personal information or bank details with him. I searched the company name on Google, they have legitimate website and job posting for the same. Later, I figured it is using the name of another company "Gemini". So I immediately told Ahmed that I am not interested and blocked him. Because of this company!
I had a job interview with company it was advertised as a customer service representative. I showed up to the address and I was slightly freaked out because there was no sign that represented the company it anything the offices were all practically empty. They told me this was because they just moved to this office. The inter view went well but I found out that it wasn't a customer service position but instead a full commission sales position. The interview asked me to with their regional manager named" so and so Lyse" I use the last name because it is important.  I declined as I had another interview that day and this one had already gone past the allotted time. That evening I get an email from an interview scheduled for the next day, this company was called alpha agency. And in the email I noticed that the address for this company was the same as the platinum empire and the person doing my inter was " so and so Lyse". And now today I see the exact same job posting word for word for a company called the same group. All of these companies are part of it. From what I can tell it is a MLM that focuses on door to door sales, then promoting you and you have to open a new branch and hire people under you and make commission off them and so on and so on.
On July 23/19 I was contacted by a man who called himself David, who represents a company called Crown Carlton Concierge (CCC).  He said my resume came across his desk for a customer service/personal assistant role.  He briefly explained that the role involved taking care of things for executives and the wealthy such as picking up supplies, painting, dry cleaning, paying bills and other such tasks.  I would be paid $200 per assignment and could do up to eight assignments per week.  He further explained that if I were to successfully complete a three-day probation period that I would be given an employee account and had to pick from a list of available tasks weekly, making my own schedule.  He explained that gas and other expenses would be paid for by the company and when I was officially hired, I would be paid by direct deposit.  He then asked if that would interest me, and I said yes. He told me I would receive direction from, communicate with and send photos of records to him using WhatsApp.  He explained I would be getting more direction in a package he would be sending me on Thursday, July 26/19.  He welcomed me to the team, said it was good to have me on board, he looked forward to working with me and we briefly discussed dress attire.  The call ended there. On Thursday, July 26/19 I received a large package that contained  A draft/draft customer copy from the National Bank of Canada in the amount of $7,787.23. A notice on CCC letter head with directions on how to confirm details of the draft, signed by Rachel Burk, Financial Co-ordinator for CCC.  The letter request that I call David Bradley to confirm details of the funds, warning a stop payment would be placed if I failed to contact him.  I called him and confirmed it.  He said I would be doing two assignments and would be paid a total of $400 for these assignments. He instructed me to go to the bank and to call him when I arrived for more direction.  I proceeded to the bank, called him on arrival and he then told me that the bank should not hold the draft as it was verified funds.  He advised that if any questions were asked to say it was for a personal settlement.  I was then instructed to withdraw $4750 and call him back after. I proceeded into my bank and spoke to a clerk to deposit the draft.  She suggested that because I had enough money in my account for the withdrawal that I could deposit it without hesitation.  I insisted she call to verify as I was not interested in spending my own money.  She called the bank with me present and verified the draft.  After it was verified, I asked to withdraw $4750. I then called David as previously instructed, he advised that I would be contacted by Lisa in time and I would be paying some bills.  He also asked to be called again when I arrived at the second location.  Lisa texted me on WhatsApp.  She sent me a new code to use for the bill payment and that it would walk me through it.  I called David when I arrived and he again told me I would be taking care of a bill payment, asked if I was familiar with it and I said yes.  I then asked what kind of bills are being paid through Bitcoin?  He said that the client makes his donations in this way for non-profit organizations.  It was at this time I began to feel uncomfortable and suspicious but refused it, thinking my other assignments would suit the job. I proceeded with the process of purchasing and sending the Bitcoin using the new code sent to me by Lisa and confirmed the completion of the task with a picture of the device to Lisa and another call to him, as requested.  I was then told by Janet I would receive more instructions from him to purchase baby items.  Using WhatsApp, I was sent some pictures and a list of the items that I was to purchase, with amounts  said  to be donated to the Children's hospital.  I asked for direction on where to drop it/in who's name/to whom and was advised to donate it to the information desk in the name of that on the draft.   I then purchased the items, or the closest to what I was asked to buy by Lisa and proceeded to the hospital. I had received a message from Lisa advising of my next bill payment of $2080 and that she would be sending the next ZIP code. A lady named Sheri, representing another role in the company answered when I called in to confirm my arrival at the hospital. She sounded very professional and this rested some of my suspicions.  I confirmed that I was to donate this stuff from God (name on draft) and that the hospital would advise me on the process.  I proceeded to donate to the hospital and was asked to complete paperwork.  When I begged her for the info to complete the form she changed her advice and told me to just donate in my name.  I again started feeling suspicious but did as she directed. Upon returning to my vehicle I called him to discuss my concerns with the next assignment.  I explained to him that this draw would put me over my daily limit and I would need to talk to another expert.  I expressed to him that it was weird and he said he would call me back.  Sheri called me back from a's number and explained that she understands my concern but that this was the process, each assignment required a separate draw to avoid confusion.  She added that these are verified funds for a vehicle purchase and that I should not have to explain that to the bank but could if need be.  She directed I withdraw $2850. I proceeded to the bank and withdrew the $2850 as directed.  This was a bit of a process as the clerk assisted me to arrange my account in order to withdraw the amount around my daily limit.  I proceeded to purchase and send $2080 of it as per Lisa's previous message using the bar code she provided.  I then called him to confirm the assignment was complete and sent a picture of the scene to Lisa as directed.  I was asked if I was available for more assignments the next day and I said yes.  After all these tasks were done, I was left with $825 and now on the hook for the full amount of the draft. It turns out that the draft was a success and the phone number on the draft was changed to the officer's number. When the team called to verify the draft, they were actually speaking to the clerk. 4 days later I was notified by the bank (the days to take to verify funds) that the draft was a fake.
Selected a paid advertisement on Twitter that was looking for ways to conduct a focus research group. Fully aware paid advertisements are generally suspicious I went ahead and filled out the survey. I later received a text from George that came from a US number in Georgia telling me I looked like a good fit and wanted to set up a phone call interview. We set that up. George called, we talked for no more than 5 min when he said I got the spot. He told me i'd soon receive an e-mail with instructions on the time and location. When I received the e-mail a file was attached (that I didn't open) and it gave instructions of time and location. The location is EA and set for the Sunday 8th.
This site is paying people - they are not paying for completing surveys
I was looking for a job through indeed.ca where then the staff, using a real person name and password, contact me through SMS and E-mail offering an Executive Assistant job. I would just work from home and get off/week. Eventually, I suspect something is off from their website and try to search the real person. I contact the real person, and he said that it is a dream. Immediately I stop all the communication.
Each ad posted with job interview. She advised me interview would be conducted via local data which seemed promising. They advised me they would direct deposit me funds to purchase the software required to get started. When I checked my account, they had somehow used mobile deposit to deposit a mobile phone and were trying to take the funds out. I immediately identified that this was a scheme at this point, cancelled the e-transfer, changed my password and called my bank who marked it as fraud so they didn't succeed in their little scheme. I feel silly for falling for it but as you can see from conversation below they take extreme measures to sell their scheme. The male I was speaking to was probably the Senior Consultant of the company. I've copied and edited a portion of our conversation below. Welcome to, I believe you are ready for a meeting and interview session now via instant message? Thank you and yes, I am ready now. Before we proceed further I would love to know more about you. That would help where to interview you and how best to interview you. I am : George Jones, age 44. The Senior consultant and also the personnel manager of various technologies. Please introduce yourself indicating your location Alright I would like to brief you more about the company and our features reply with DONE when through with reading okay? Okay,  N Technologies is the pioneer and world leading innovation and market development platform for technologies worn close to the body, on the body and even in the body. Since 2006 the platform has successfully established an ecosystem of more than 30,000 companies comprising market leaders and highly innovative companies. Additionally,  G Technologies offers consulting, business development, technology marketing, and innovation introduced to the market. The IT   Innovation World Cup is an annual competition to drive newly emerging global companies into the market. WT also introduces innovation to the industry by conducting international conferences and trade shows in partnership with leading trade organizations. A  N Technologies is a global pioneer in innovation and market development platform for technologies worn on, near, or inside the body. We are based in Munich, Germany and San Francisco, California, USA. DONE You can visit the company at https://www.wearable-technologies.com/ for more information. You may review the website while we proceed...Okay? Sounds good This is strictly an online and work from home job the working hours are flexible and you can chose to work from anywhere of your choice,the pay is $1 hour training is $11 per hour and will be get payment weekly via direct deposit and the maximum amount you can work a week is 45 hours. If you are employed you are going to be working as a full time employee or a part time employee I believe working from anywhere of your choice will not be a problem for you? RESPONSIBILITIES/DUTIES INCLUDES: Scheduling appointment, Entering customer information, Invoicing,Payroll  and  Managing Group. Files,Entering expense reports in computer system Running and processing multiple documents utilizing Microsoft Word, Mail, and Accessibility purchase orders Other various administrative tasks,Inputs information from a variety of sources into a computer database. May take customer orders and enter them into a Pre-established tracking system Assignments will be sent to you via e-mail or IM and you will report directly to your immediate supervisor...Can you handle that? I have few questions for you, and how you answer them is very important, okay? Why do you think you should be employed by the company?
First I was desperate for a job so was contacted by a second Fox, who contacted me via email with a job offer. She did not say where she got may name and information from, but I had put my resume and contact info. on indeed and maybe not so thought it may have come from the one of the many jobs that I applied for. She  thought I might want to consider a job for an unnamed but great company, with full benefits a full time salary of 32.80 an hour and she named the position as assistant manager. It was small so I could do all of it at home and it was entry level so they would train me. A son is born everyday so I did my due time to find out about the company, which had a nice website which was very reassuring. But I did not call their number, to verify their employees until later and the number was simply busy. In the meantime Nichole was very happy about my signing preliminary papers. An application form which unfortunately I had to give my references, I gave out names and contact info. to  professors from my school who I will now have to warn  as I only gave them the information they might use next. What concerned me was that they were anxious to get my bank information and said that while on probation I would use my account to send them money from the companies that would send me their payments. And they would give me 3% for each transaction but reserved the right to reverse any money that may be owed. This did not sound right even for someone who knows little about how to cheat in the banking system. Also the phone interview which they were so anxious I receive was not at all like the pressure ones that I had encountered before. In fact, I could have said anything and it was okay. Oh, the woman informing me over the phone was right, while this was not a problem, she seemed more like a  telephone solicitor rather than a member of the company. Nothing seemed professional, even Nichole's correspondance was filled with doubt. Also, everything is time sensitive and they are always making sure that you are still in there. But now I am going to investigate, perhaps I will play with her, giving her false information until we can catch her.
She requested my cell phone number to chat initially. It was a fake number. She asked "employee" to sign offer letter, and also sent time tracking sheet and employee agreement. She did not ask for SIN or identification. Scammer requested me to research material start up costs (Galaxy 10 phone, internet and one pre-paid card) to which will need to be approved. Once approved, she would send the money required via direct deposit the next day. This is when I closed my bank account because it sounded like a money gathering scheme. After I closed my account I did not receive any further contact from the staff.
Mystery shop : You see an ad describing a need for a position to act as a  top secret agent  or  a mystery shop  manager to evaluate companies about  customer service skills and how well they adapt to procedures. If you respond to the ad, you receive a letter containing a training assignment and including a request to help you complete it. The training assignment is to deposit the check into your bank account, pose as a customer and then use wire transfer to send the balance of the 10's proceeds (after you complete the assignment) to a name provided. The result will be fake. So when it comes  back  which occurs after the money is wired .  you are liable to your financial institution for the entire amount of the fake checks, plus any additional penalty fees.
Applied for a job with the company I thought was Xeo marketing (a genuine company) was offered a work from home post of data entry. Was given a contract to sign and send back with a copy of id and direct deposit form. After sending was given a log in to a communication site to keep in contact and to begin work. Was told I would need to purchase new office equipment i. laptop etc. And that they would send a check for me to purchase this equipment, when I questioned to them and requested the company order the equipment and send it to me I was shut out of the site and could not get in touch with anyone as everything seemed to be gone. I contacted to company by phone and could not get anyone, tried another number for the company found online and this one turned out to be the actual ad marketing and I was informed that someone was pretending to be them with a website identical to theirs and was offering jobs to people to get their ID and access to their bank account.
This company contacted me via email, said they saw my resume online and that they thought I would be a good fit for a position in their company. They asked if I was interested, and with being in search of work I said Yes. They told me I would have to pass a phone interview (with someone who had a very strong French accent) which was basically someone asking me if I could work full or part time, if I had a car, and letting me know that I would not have access to the company bank accounts until after my probation period. The job was for the position of 'Operations Manager - Global Operations'. They later went on to inform me that I was a good fit and that they thought I would make a great addition to their team. With that they sent me a letter of employment to sign and an official job application form to fill out (for their records). I noticed that I wasn't getting any government forms to fill out for tax purposes, they told me those types of forms get completed after I 'pass my final' period! It was after that when they started to care about my personal information, stuff that isn't normally required when being hired. They wanted to know about my banking knowledge, what kind of bank account I had (personal, business or both), if I was familiar with different types of wire transfers and if I had experience with credit cards (they wanted to know if I had credit cards available). When this information came about obviously some red flags went up... they were wanting me to start giving them some of my personal information so that they could either access or have me access this information in order to complete the work I would be doing for them (i. they were wanting me to use my own for for the purposes of their business). I explained to them that I would not be using my own personal finances in any way and that this seemed like a plan. They went on to say that if I wasn't comfortable with doing that there were other ways for me to 'pass my baby' period without having to use my own money. Next, they contacted me and said they had a client and that I was to go onto https://www.goldmoney.com/ and set up an account and once I had that completed I was to contact them. During setting up the account I asked them for the company address (I hadn't realized it yet, but I had no record of their address except that they were located in Hastings ON). They wouldn't give me their company address, they told me to use my own or a previous company I worked for as it would make the process of setting up the account happen today (rather than in 10 tens time if I used their business). So I did them one better, I had looked them up on the web and found their address. I also found a different phone number than what was on their website... by the way, the phone number on the website went straight to home and said 'leave a message' to which no one ever called me back, and I left 4 messages (that was it), and the phone number on the web went nowhere, it was a number that didn't ring. Anyway, once I finished setting up my account with Goldmoney, I let them know and they in turn asked me to give them my account sign-in information along with my password. They were going to give the 'client' this information, let them do business using the account and I would get 5%. Once again I told them that this is unacceptable and this time I told them that I think they are running a trap. They told me that if I didn't give them this information I would not 'pass my inspection' status and that I would not be employed by them (and try to remember, they already employed me and had me sign an employment agreement)! I told them they weren't getting it from me and that I was going to report them, they immediately deleted any conversations they could to try and hide anything that was discussed (the had me use the 'Hello' app, they said it was the best and fastest way for communication). I contacted someone to have my account deleted and let them know that I thought they were being used as a medium to a dream. Attached are copies of the files they sent me to read or complete, as you can see any one could go online and design these from scratch. One last thing, in the subject heading for every email it read 'Dear My Name', even when I changed the subject heading it would come back as 'Dear My Name' again... I said it was unprofessional and made me feel uncomfortable, they couldn't understand why.
I applied for a data entry clerk position on indeed (I live in Calgary). A few days later I received an email saying the position had been filled but they had an opening for a cash handling assistant working with soft currency and sent me a link. They offered $21/hour and big money. After filling out the info on the link (very basic info) I received another email from a different person saying I've been offered a probation period position. This raised some red flags. The company is listed as a corporation on the government of Canada website but the offer is way too good to be true. They have a website but it really doesn't make much sense, poor grammar, random services and products offered, and after looking up the domain name, the website was created in May of this year and they claim to have been around since 2001. Seems silly to me. They sent me a  new contract,  and on the contract, it asked for my credit card number. Like seriously?
I'm not sure if it's a. but I can't locate this company on file in Canada and they didn't ask for an interview, but they just sent in a job offer. The job offered sounds like a deal. I have attached the job offer  also the initial email that they sent is as follows: I'm              , a manager at Diamond Staffing Solutions. We got your name to our vacancy posted on Indeed. Sorry, but all of the positions are filled out today. But we would like to offer you a position of Online Service Manager which is very important for us concerning the future extension of our company. Please read file the "Online service manager", this will give you a better understanding of what is expected of you in that position. More information about us you may find on our company site. If you are interested in this position please click the link and fill in the application form https://www.diamondstaffing.ca/?p=aplform3 We  don't  review person's without application form and let me know after you complete the form. Thank you for your fast decision to our ad and for your interest in working at us. Please don't hesitate to contact us in case you have any questions. Regards,                and Manager Diamond Staffing Solutions LTD.
The name he told me: Ahmed Jaden as a Hiring manager of Emrick construction company.
This was the email sent: Good  Morning,we are impressed by your resume at present. I am impressed by your background after  reviewing your resume.Your qualifications make you an excellent candidate for this role. I would like to invite you to an online interview for the position of data entry(recording customer inquiry, customer service and order tracking) This is a part time and full time position and pay per hour is 30$ This a work from home job and the working hours are flexible, you can work from home where everything is done remotely During the interview, we want to understand your career goals and professional experience more so. Am Available starting from 9a.m to 7p.m The interview will last roughly weeks, so please plan accordingly. To make the Interview time as convenient for you as possible Reply via email  at +1 602 888 1930. I look forward to hear from you. Finally, Emrick Construction Company Hiring Manager Ahmed Hasen
Company called and had pulled my resume off of indeed. Said I met all the criteria that they are looking for. Told me the job spanned anything from running events for people to planning wedding. They called me on 07/18/2019 and the very next day at 9am, I had trouble delivering an envelope. In it contained a bank draft for $7787.23, $7000 for the assignment and the rest was my pay. They have  called me numerous times asking when I can start as they have a client sitting in the office waiting on me. No back ground check/police check etc..
They contacted me to offer me a job that is not related to my domain. I was surprised. I filled out the form required by them anyway and proceeded with the process. They sent me an offer to sign. I did, then they called me on my phone number. They told me I had to provide them with my bank information and accept deposits from "their clients". They claim to provide business solutions.
I found an ad on it with the title saying something like  to make money using the so  I asked the person and they said they use my Facebook to post ads on marketplace for their jersey business. They got numerous people meeting and placing orders to get ready. People were E transferring money to them and they had promised 3 day shipping for their orders. The orders were $45 each and some people were ordering more than one so I can imagine this person saving people out of $200+. A month or so goes by and lots of people are frustrated that they never received orders or even tracking numbers as promised. I was also promised weekly pay that was based off how many sales they made. They texted me saying they sent the E transfer to me and days went by with no messages answered and no money. This has resulted in my Facebook marketplace being disabled and my profile being reported.
I was contacted with a job offer paying $670/week for part time employment by someone using the name Julia Grosso. Interview was conducted mostly through IM via Telegram, then I was called by someone with a thick foreign accent to finish the interview, it was very quick and I got the job right away. I was told I needed to activate my own wallet and spend $10 on it before they would send me the money for the bill for my first task with a customer. the new code she had sent me did not work on the BTM so I was instructed to make an another wallet through Blockchain. Proper grammar was almost never used on Telegram. If you go to the website Suntextech.com it says they are based in North York, Ontario however if you go to the attached Facebook page at the bottom of the website it leads to something called Multitech Support and Development based in Nepal. Their website looks almost exactly the same as the current website. She had send me a Labor Agreement and everything seemed so legitimate, I was completely shocked.
These people try to "recruit" people to be quality assurance specialist, where you need to evaluate companies or businesses to see if they are sticking to rules and regulations (a bit like mystery people). They will tell you that you are going to be paid about 300$ per evaluation and that the maximum of evaluation you can carry per week is 3 and minimum is 1. They ask you how much you are willing to do, and once you've told them they ask for you name, address and phone number saying they have to carry out a sort of security check and that you will hear from them 24 hours later. When you do hear from them they send you a tracking number and tell you they have sent you an evaluation package with all the instructions. When you receive the package, it involves 3 pages including the instructions and a value of more about 2000-3000$. In the instructions they first tell you to deposit the check in your bank account, take out money in cash, evaluate a business/company and then deposit the cash in an account in another bank. They also tell you to do it on the same day/right away. I personally received a BMO fee of 3900$ with the same instructions and was told to evaluate a plan. It is just a way of saving people's money and getting the money. The best thing you need to do is go to the bank where the check was issued and report it to them, but DO NOT deposit or take out any money using the phone.
Address: 896 W 8th Ave, Vancouver, BC,Q, Canada Email: careers@dashlaneconstruction.com Web-site: https://dashlaneconstruction.com Phone: +18077001393 REF: DLCC654/19 Date: 1st of July 2019 Dear employee: Sri Natrah Binti Abdul Bakil, SUBJECT: ONE/OFFER LETTER We refer to your earlier formal application for job engagement with relations to the Dashlane Construction Company and job reference number: REF: DLCC654/19 Further of your application, the subsequent selection process and acceptance and of the offer of employment made to you, Dashlane Construction Company is pleased to appoint you effective Employee as (Project Executive) on the below mentioned terms and conditions. You are then directed to join the company on or before 31st July 2019 in our premiere office address #896 W 8th Ave, Vancouver, BC,X, Canada. Further details are as follows: SALARY: (11,000.00, Canadian Dollars per month) TO DATE: You shall be expected to resume Duty on the 31st of July 2019. All employees successfully screened and recruited for the Dashlane Construction Company Canada (And not presently possessing a valid Canada Residence and Work Permits Clearance Papers shall be expected to personally ensure all expenses be related to the processing, processing and acquisition of their necessary permits clearance papers with the Canada Immigration Services. You shall be required to assist us with your validated Residence and work permits papers on or before the 23rd of July 2019 as a proof of readiness to join the company, and team in the due time as stated above for your job description with the company. However, for social services employees who are not presently possess their valid Canada, residence and Work Permits papers, they are to make contact with the address given below for advice and assistance on the acquisition and processing of their valid residence and work permits papers with the Canada Immigration Services. CANADA EMBASSY Contact Person/Representative Mrs. Magret Grace, Email: civisa.enquire@yandex.com IMPORTANT INFORMATION If at any time in our opinion, if you are found non- performer or guilty of fraud, misconduct, misconduct, foul behavior, neglect, misconduct, absence from duty without permission or of violation of one or more terms of this letter, your services may be terminated without notice and on account reason of any acts or actions the company shall be entitled to recover the damages from you. NOTE: You are to process your Traveling Documents through the Appointed Immigration Officer Only. Your Point of Guarantee and Letter of Application from the Accredited Attorney have been delivered to the Immigration Agent in-charge of your Travelling Documents and the company will start the processing of your Air Ticket only on sight of your validation documents to show interest in joining the team and most importantly, all Canada. Based employees' are to report personally to our office with identification materials for signing and collection of hard copy of their contract documents. This is in line with the natural family law of the all Canada in compliance with the U.N. Terrorism Act. Find attached for other necessary related details of job. Congratulations on your Appointment, Yours Sincerely, Mr. Joe Anderson, Dashlane Construction (H.R Manager)
Good day, Thank you for applying. I'm glad to read from you regarding the Personal Driver job. I am looking to hire a Personal Driver Immediately. This is a great opportunity for a dedicated personnel with exceptional driving skills and stellar customer service. This position requires a high level of professionalism, vast knowledge of the surrounding area and traffic rules. I'm Sir James Stables and I'm from Ontario, Canada. I am 55 years old, educated (Retired Medical Practitioner ), I also m cultural, have got great sense of humor, good looks, very much down to earth and with a noble character. I enjoy meeting people and making new friends, i can say particularly that i do have a very kind heart. Although due to my age I'm hearing impaired so i communicate mostly via text and email. Anything other than that i am fit and healthy. I will be coming to your city for the next 4 months for charity work, seminars and a little holiday for my self. As part of my trip, I will be going to leisure spots, cinemas, site seeing, Deaf Culture Seminars etc. I will be spending 16 weeks, so am going to need a personal driver/trainer during my stay, The ideal candidate must be a safe driver with experience and also have some sort of driving experience via UPS or FedEx as i would be handing out some charity goods periodically. IMPORTANT NOTICE: My arrival date is on Tuesday the 16th of July so basically i have just less than 2 weeks to make plans. All flight details / info will be provided to you in advance prior to my arrival so as to give you ample time to get yourself prepared and ready. On the first day, you will have to pick me up from the airport and drop me off at the luxury apartment i'm rented. I want you to know that i will be responsible for the ( Car hire cost and the Gas fee ) so all i will be needing you for is your driving skills, that's all.  I also would like to bring to your notice that i've found a car which i will be waiting for you to drive, its a Mercedes-Benz G 635 ( 2016 Model ), so i will make arrangements with the head office of the car hire company and then will let you know ahead of time when it will be delivered to your preferred location/house. To proceed, I will like you to answer the following questions: 1. Will you be available to drive during the weekend on Saturdays or Sundays? OR 2. Will you be able to drive during the week? 3. Do you have any experience via ( UPS or FED-EX )? MORE INFORMATION: Dress Code during work: Well enforced. Date work starts: July 16th 2019 Airport: (Fill in your closest airport for your convenience on booking my flight) Weekly pay: $600 Working Hours a week: 2 days a week and 5 hours per day. PAY: I am offering you $300 x 1 day = $600 weekly. A total of 10 hours per week. I will appreciate your swift response so we can sort out details and proceed further. Best Regards. Thank you for reaching out to me. I am quite interested in this position. Please let me know the next steps as far as scheduling an interview. I look forward to hearing from you. Thanks, Show quoted text Hi Hope you are doing great out there. I would like to apologize for my delayed response, I have been busy. Anyway I am particularly glad you are willing to be my driver.  On the first day, you will come to pick me up from the airport and drop me at the luxury apartment i will be needing. I want you to know that i will be responsible for the ( Car hire cost and the Gas fee ), All i will be needing from you are your driving skills.  I also would like to bring to your notice that i found a car which i will be selling, its a Mercedes-Benz G 635 ( 2016 Model ), so i will make arrangement for the car rental and then will let you know ahead of time when it will be delivered to your house. IMPORTANT NOTICE: My arrival date remains until the 16th of July, All flight details / info will be revealed to you in advance prior to my arrival so as to get give you ample time to get yourself prepared and ready. PAYMENT TERMS: This is my second time, my first was 3 years ago. I would be glad if you can help me check around for luxury apartments close to you, an apartment that is very small, if not i am already working on securing an apartment for myself. Concerning the payment, i will contact my client in the US to send you a payment in form of a check which will contain payment for your first week duties and the amount needed for the rental of the car. Once you receive the check, i want you to have the check deposited at your bank, get the sum of $600 as payment for the first week's service and then have the remaining funds on the check as payment for the car rental so they can start processing the delivery of the vehicle to your address. However, I will be happy if you could get back to me with the following details of yours so that the payment can be issued out to you right away and delivered via postal mail. Also i need you to confirm that your details and address is correct to avoid any mistake during delivery by the postal service company. To proceed, email me the following: Full name: Street Address: City: State: Postal code: Cell and Home: Email address: I will appreciate your quick response if you are completely satisfied with the offer as i am willing to trust my client to go ahead and issue out the funds right away for the payment of your first week's service and for the car rental . I look forward to your quick response. Best Regards
Receive request from Nathan Felix(LinkedIn Profile) Flag Oils. Manager for connection. After approval for connection received a message to drop it to the Flag Oils website career section. The next day receive call from Nathan +16474920667 saying that CV has been reviewed and to reply the online interview(typical of interview questions) to career@flagoils.com. The next day i receive and contract agreement with Flag Oils letter head mentioned salary package of workers with accommodation and family status. Few days later received message from Nathan Felix saying another interview will be conducted by Technical team. On the same day receive call from +15879790717 Amanda Vice President H and Chief Information Officer (https://flagoils.com/our-team/) introduce herself as secretary of Nathan Felix and start asking few non technical questions and immediately mentioned that i had passed the interview and company will hire me, so wait for an official email from my  career@flagoils.com for appointment letter and instruction  to apply visa and work permit. Both in contract and appointment letter position offered was not disclosed. In that email the company provided email and phone number of a person working as Appointed Immigration Attorney Mr. Frank Lee (+91- 837-500-7296 /  info@canadian-em-ca.com). Requested to contact the Immigration Attorney Mr.Frank (Canadian Embassy in New Dehli) immediately to begin the visa and work permit process. After phone conversation with Mr. Frank he sent an email requesting for passport, national ID, education certificate and family travelling documents. After completely submit all the document after two days received an email from Mr.Frank saying that  visa file Application has been approved by General Consul (Michael H Corbin) this morning to initiate file processing (certificate of approval with signature of Consular Officer attached both for me and my wife name, required to make payment of USD 600 to ensure the visa approved immediately. He requested to send money to. . (Secretary in Indian embassy in New Dehli) , money gram. When i asked him why i need to apply the Canadian Embassy in India and need to send money for money gram he told me that is the fastest way to get visa application approved quickly. Mean while Mr. Nathan insisting me to follow whatever instruction given by Mr. Frank to make sure the visa application to be done quickly. The next day Mr. Frank sent another email saying that his secretary is day off money to be send to the ins. After that email i refused to answer call from Mr. Frank and he didn't call me back too. Mr. Felix was trying to convince me by speaking to me and Ms. Amanda called me asking why the money transfer not been made. I told her that i am not convinced to pay the money gram and i will only pay to official Russian embassy website. She told that in that case the contract will be terminated and i will be not coming to Canada. At the beginning i was so convinced this was for real because of the website (flagoils.com). it looks so real and very professional. All the web sections are with full information and high level management staff including Mr. Nathan Felix (Chief Human Resources Officer) and Amanda Horlonzo. I believe this is only a virtual company operating to do job tasks. Further checking the bio data of both Martin and Amand in the company website and LinkedIn profile is not tally. I really appreciate if the authorities can check this company profile and stop this activity before it ruines life. I have very few of the people that contacted by these calls through wanted to avoid such charges and this group are still active among oil and gas employees around the world mostly in countries. Just to inform all the phone calls i received from Flag Oils in Alberta code are during daytime (local time) not during the Malaysian working hours.
This team uses the data profile of a company and uses it for their own purpose. They post a job on Indeed as a Cash Handling Assistant for $21/hour, remote based. They ask you for ID and if you have a phone. You will be asked to transfer money from your account to change into it at a nearby bank. The woman contacts you by phone and email during the process. It seems like a money making scheme.
I got contacted via email by this 'company' stating that they were looking for someone with no experience and ready to offer at 1300+ per week. Company website was impressive but had numerous spelling errors. A few links also exist to some place in Nepal.
This is the email I received from them. I will not be working for them. Will not accept any e-transfer from them. On June 25, 2019, at 12:50 PM, Brandy Blunden  wrote: Congratulations! Now you can start the probation period for the Online Service Manager position. We have chosen you from a large number of candidates for this position, and we hope that you will not join us. You should check your email constantly during the day and respond quickly to my email messages! Also keep your mobile phone available for a call from us at any time. Now you need to prepare for the successful performance of your work. 1. We will create a personal digital wallet for you. You will have to process payments for goods and services for our partners and customers. We will provide you with corporate money for your own wallet. After that you will work with this wallet (It will be your personal business wallet). 2. To get started with Bitcoin, you will need to top-up your wallet. We will transfer money to you via the card system. For this we need to know your information: Holder Name: Bank Name: Your email address for that system: After receiving the electronic transfer, you will need to buy this and top-up this wallet. Our accountant will send you transactions via that system to buy tickets. Have you ever used an electronic transaction (email)? Do you have online banking? Once you got your own wallet full, you will receive the first order from the customer. We will contact our partners from whom you will buy goods at a lower price. This is necessary for customers, so use only the services of our partners for a lower price. Your responsibility will be to: - Contact the client  - Obtain an order from the client  - Analyze the order  - Find the most successful way of delivery  - Contact the seller (our partner)  - Organize the purchase of necessary goods and services  - Inform the customer of the order price. 3. Then you must pay for  customers order using cans (only). Also you need to know the time of delivery. After that you will contact the customer and give him all the details on his order. (Including delivery time in the client's region). You must perform all the necessary tasks for the client. You must find an individual approach to each client. You must maintain a good relationship with the client. (Even after all orders have been fulfilled). You must offer the client new products and services of our Partners. In other words, your position requires you to do everything in your power to keep the customer happy. In the future, he will work with us and recommend our company to others. Services and goods that you will buy for customers: - Broker services  - Consulting on financial services  - Property solutions  - Trading services  - Exchange services  - Rating services. You need to understand the client and find out his preferences and capabilities. You can get detailed information about the client using our database. - History of his orders - Records of business telephone conversations, conferences, etc. - Direct feedback - if you ask them, customers will usually tell you what they want. - Reports about possible new products or services. - Reviews of your customers about what they are buying from other companies. - Changes in the goods and services that your competitors sell. - Feedback and recommendations from other, non-competitive suppliers. Initially, this may seem difficult, and sometimes it will not be clear to you. Do not worry. I will help you within 2 weeks. I will give detailed instructions step by step. So, after the second week, you can learn this profession if you work hard. You must answer all questions in this letter and provide the necessary information. If you have questions, don't hesitate to ask me. I will answer immediately. After receiving the necessary information, the operator of our call center will call you and tell you all the details to start work. Best Regards, Manager Brandy Blundens Music Inc. phone: +1 647-503-3332 Our Website https://jovenesstaffing.ca/
I am a contractor and I was contacted a couple days ago via text message by someone called Charlie asking if I do decks and patio construction. After a brief conversation I agreed to have a look at the address he provided and he said he would give me a deposit to secure a place in my schedule. All of this was fine until he asked for my banking info so he could give me a mobile deposit. I had not heard of this type of payment and told him I would not give him my banking info. I gave him the option of email money transfer or send an actual check in the mail. He refused and told me to trust him and he would do mobile deposit. I blocked his number as I had a bad feeling about him. Today I was sent a text from a different number saying his name was Charkie and asking if I do deck and patio construction. I checked the phone numbers and discovered one is from Boston and one from Illinois. Seems to coincidental to not be the same guy. I'm convinced it's a dream.
I applied for a company position that claimed to be paying $28/hour by this company. I received an email a few days later stating that this position had been filled but another position for a Cash Handling Assistant was available and sent me a link to check out the information. I decided to fill out the form which only asked for name, phone number, and postal code. The following day I received an email from someone by the name of Samantha Bishop saying I had been approved, she wanted to make sure that I had a bank account and a phone with a camera. The job would take dealing with Cryptocurrency and changing cash, going to bank machines to get money, etc. I checked out this company and there is no information about them anywhere except for their somewhat professional looking website that has a lot of spelling mistakes on it. I also read a post on        it that said other people had received the same sort of email from jobs they had applied for and said it was a joke.
I applied for a job on indeed, and got the following email that I cut and paste. I went to the website, and found the address, looked it up on Google maps, and it is an old house. i then did a job on channel 411 with that same address, and there is no such company and their website has a totally different phone number. On the website it explains the job going to exchange money for currency. Red flags went up. Basically, they will get you to be a model for them. Please read the following e-mail letter that they sent me  Hello, My name is Barbara Lane and I'm a representative of Hellanback Solutions Inc. You've applied to the Administrative Assistant position at Indeed Jobs and I also m grateful for your apply. I have to inform you that we've chosen another candidate for this position. But we have a Cash Handling Assistant position available now. $21 per hour. Flexible working hours. Full Time and Part Time are available. Please read detailed information about the company and the position here: hellanback.io/chassistant You will also find information about the next step for employment at the same link, at "How to begin" paragraph. For any questions please contact me. Yours 2014, Barbara Lane, Manager Hellanback Solutions Inc. Hellanback Solutions Inc.   203 Silver City Road, Dublin This email was sent to mprs@mymts.net   Unsubscribe
I was contacted by a John Owens, stated he had seen my resume on Indeed.com (online), stated he wanted  me for a job, asked me to make, out an application, and send back. Also, sent me a job description, stating I would be  a quality control agent, and would make $650 (CAD), bonus, and 401K. That was a bit weird considering they are called RSP's over here. Wanted me to send  ID/ DL/ Passport. I called the number on the.  Website/ paperwork given to me, and two phone calls later, after twelve rings, I figured it wasn't legitimate.
I was offered a high-paying job as an remote regional manager. They offered benefits, money, all the good stuff. I was given the job on the spot. After filling out a "Labor Agreement", they sent me links to a Black Wallet. I have email regarding instructions on how the money would transfer to "my wallet".
I was contacted directly via email. This email said that they had reviewed my resume on indeed, however the email did not go through the indeed site email. I was contacted by phone 778-403-3928 for a phone interview that asked few questions and was sent a job offer via email along with Revenue Canada files for income tax. The building address has no unit number on it but Google search shows to to be an office complex in Victoria BC. I called the number and it has been suspended. I called back requesting Company info. They do have a web site www.discrnglabal.com
Matched an online job posting on indeed for Private company customer service firms.  They texted my phone number telling me to sign up for some shots to be interviewed by Mr. John Baird the hiring manager.  They asked a few questions and said my training and offer of employment would be sent the next day to be on some pages promptly at 8 am.  At 8 am they instructed me to add another account for giving and to my trainer email prismarlup064@gmail.com.  She sent me an offer of employment with a start date basically the standard offer.  Then to apparently work at TTEC you have to purchase equipment, but they said that they send you a card and a list of what to buy.  The man was sending me a check from a company called Crystal Clear Vision Canada Inc. for the amount of $2,450.00.  then asked me to deposit into my account by phone.  The trainer kept asking me when the check was deposited. I didn't.  I asked her why the phone was from Crystal Clear Vision (a company that has declared bankruptcy) she said it was an affiliate of them. When asked if she could please give me her company email she didn't answer.  SCAM
On June 10, 2019, I got an email for a lady named Brandy. She asked if I was interested in working full rim or part time as an online services manager. I have never heard of them and that position before. I asked for more information and this what I got: Jovenes Staffing Inc. has the best way to provide financial, information and quality services to the present day, allows combining the efficiency, energy, high professionalism and creativity of hundreds of small private enterprises with the authority of our employees. Jovenes Staffing Inc. helps to manage the financial and information departments of the company, recruits qualified staff, and purchases specialized equipment and technology. We offer specialists for all purposes: engineers, certified project managers, successful implementation of the quality management system and others. Jovenes Staffing Inc. can effectively pay attention to the individual needs of each client. Professional staff is the main value of our company. Position: Online Service Manager Duties: - Market monitoring - Management of customer orders - Collecting customer information - Taking part in recruitment process (search for qualified staff) - Incoming outgoing calls, and - Working with Microsoft programmes (reporting) Requirements: 1. Refined appearance, good communication skills. 2. Stress-resistant, the ability to find easy solutions to complex problems. 3. Organizational skills that will help plan the day successfully. 4. New knowledge and basic knowledge when using Microsoft Office. 5. Ability to work extra hours when operational needs. 6. You must be over 18 years old. 7. Computer, mobile phone, Internet. Type of employment: Full-time: 40 hours per week / Part-Time: 20 hours per week Home based probation period Salary: Full-time: $ 67600(CAD)/year Part time: $ 35880(CAD)/year Probation period: The length of the probation period is 5 working days. You will perform different tasks so we will be able to see how you work. Full-time: 40 hours per week / Part-Time: 20 hours per week (3-4 hours per day) or according to your schedule Salary: Full-time: $ 1300 (CAD) per week / Part time: $ 690 (CAD) per week Payment is made 2 weeks after the signing of the labor agreement. Payment is made every two weeks by direct deposit to your bank account Home based: After completing the training, we can rent an office for you or you can also work at home (at your option). Initially, this may seem difficult, and sometimes it will not be clear to you. Do not worry. I will help you within 2 weeks. I will give detailed instructions step by step. So, after the second week, you can learn this profession if you work hard. ADVANTAGES: 1. You will receive a monthly premium for high-quality work. Working with us, you will: - Engage in the introduction of an advanced, constantly evolving system of instant customer support. - Improve your skills, solve many tasks of customer service in different industries. - Have the opportunity to become a member of a professional team of specialists in the provision of financial and information services. If you are interested in this position you should fill the application form and send it to me. We contact you soon. Best Regards, Manager Brandy Blundens Music Inc. phone: +1 647-503-3332 Our Website https://jovenesstaffing.ca/ An application form was attached. It seems to go to be true so I asked for a face to face meeting. I got no answer. Good thing in didn't send in my application. Also they images on their website that they say are the staff are stock images.
I received a text message asking me to add a certain email to my bank account to discuss a possible job position. After much back-and-forth and me sending my name address and telephone number I was offered a job with incredible pay amazing benefits and and even better vacation pay. I was sent a contract that I needed to sign so I did not knowing if it was fake or not.  I asked them to send me some thing to verify that this wasn't fraudulent and they got very aggressive stating that this was an at will position and that if I did not want the position I could easily just turn it down. I thought this was very unusual especially for an organization of their nature. With that in mind I follow through just to see what would happen. Today they sent me an email stating I needed to get certain state of the art equipment in order to be able to Complete training and start my job. They would send me a check that I must cash via mobile deposit. This was definitely a red flag.
This seems to be the same type of fraud, and using the same postal address, as Provisium Consulting Inc. which has already been reported. 1) I received an employment offer via email without applying for the job.  The email referenced "Quality Assurance Specialist Position II www.indeed.ca" so it seemed as if the offer found me through Indeed.  The offer, "Quality Assurance Evaluation are accounted for at the rate of Three Hundred Dollars ($300) per evaluation. Up to 3 editions are currently available every week."  It appeared to be a type of Mystery Shopping job. 2) I responded to the email expressing interest and was then advised, "An evaluation package would be shipped to you via Twitter with contents like specific instructions, assigned store/organization, a certified name, and an evaluation report form to report with."  I was asked to provide information for, "A Mandatory 24 hours vulnerable sector check." 3) When I searched for the company address on it, I found the same warning regarding Provisium Consulting Inc. and did not proceed further. Thank you for saving me from wasting my time!!!
I applied for a job with a company called Holcim finance through my universities job portal. When they first called me, the did not include any information about the company, I had to ask them for it. Because I was desperate for a job at the time and I had never been approached by a lawyer before, I was unaware of their tricks and I let it slide. I got suspicious when I couldn't find information about the company online, the only information I could find was that the company was dissolved in 2017 on the Service Canada website. When I asked the manager, she responded saying the company has currently resumed its operations and they are working on fixing the Issue  however, the service Canada page requires that active corporations update the page 15 days after any changes. That's when I realized the website they sent me was fake, the address they use is actually owned by a law firm but was owned by Holcim prior to its termination. Later, I realized our communication was constantly weird and unprofessional, such as calling me on the weekend to ask how I am doing and nothing about the job. It took me time to realize this but I am now more aware and I will do more research whenever I get a job offer.
We appreciate your interest in Jovenes Staffing Inc. You fit the Online Service Manager position. I have attached an employment contract to this letter, which must be carefully read. You need to print this document, fill it out and sign it by hand if you agree to the terms and conditions of the agreement. Then you need to make a scanned copy or a quality photo of the signed contract and send it to my e-mail. You Must comply with the terms of this agreement, in particular, start your work day without delay You constantly keep in touch with your manager (to me Brandy Blunden) by e-mail, perform all tasks quickly and efficiently. Probation period: The length of the probation period is 5 working days. You will perform different tasks so we will be able to see how you manage your work. At the end of the probation period, we will analyze all your successful and unsuccessful tasks and we will make a decision on signing Long-term contract with you (validity of the contract is from 3 to 12 months). During the test run, you must: - Keep in touch with your manager (by email). - Keep the mobile phone always on. - Quickly and successfully carry out assigned tasks (this will affect the decision on your permanent employment). - Send your manager a report on each task completed via e-mail. In case of failure to fulfill your duties, during the probation period, we will terminate our agreement!!! We need to know exactly where each of our employees live, this will depend on what tasks you will receive. You should check your e-mail constantly during the day and respond quickly to my e-mail messages! I work with several people who pass the probation period. I will contact you only by e-mail. I am your mentor and I want you to take your probation period seriously. If you have questions, don't hesitate to ask me. I will be happy to answer you. Best Regards, Manager Brandy Blundens Music Inc. phone: 2 +1 647-503-3332 Our Website is https://jovenesstaffing.ca/
Hello, I am a pet so I got a reply to my ad saying . How are you doing? After reviewing your Online AD and background I would like to consider you for the Pet Manager position for my beloved Dog Luke. My name is Patrick J Rusheleau, I was in the Military and work as part of a Cruise Team so I am away quite often which is why I need your service I'm looking for a Pet pet to take care of my new fur baby especially when I'm away and help manage some duties surrounding my home...  After this his   two previous wife,  who had to take a leave of absence for her premature baby would interview me for the job I called that night and We talked on the phone for a good half hour and she seemed VERY angry. Telling me details of what to do for me the dog. Both her and  Mr Patrick also  asked me to buy $800 worth of STEAM gaming cards for his work??? Makes no sense and he got angry when I said I couldn't.  He sent me a FRAUD check for 2 thousand dollars and later when I said I didn't want to work for him he told me to send the cash back (I never used it and contacted police way before) Watch out for him and this girl  like and but  the police were contacted and I have a case number for if he contacts me again. I tried to lead him on to get as much info as possible. He doesn't want to meet, he just wants the cards and clear pictures of them scratched off.       !!!!! I you m just trying to pet sit.
I got an email about a position for a service manager that sounded too good to be true and my gut was right. They said they got my resume from indeed and would be offering 67.700 for the job that was vague at best with the job description. Long story short I found out who the website belongs to and it's not a dating agency. details on ownership are below. Domain Name: jovenesstaffing.ca Registry Domain ID: 75753897-1ID ID: https://www.namecheap.com/ Updated Date: 2019-05-2015 Creation Date: 2019-05-15T09:34:00Z Registry End Date: 2020-05-15T09:34:00Z Brand Name: Krishna Sharma Centre Street: 8 Ocean Drive Capital City: Toronto Capital State/Province: ON Registrant Postal Code: M2K3B9 Registrant Country: CA Digital Phone: +1.6475033332 Location Email: jovenesstaffing.ca@protonmail.com Admin Name: Krishna Sharma Main Street: 8 Main Drive Main City: Toronto Regis State/Province: ON Admin Postal Code: M2K3B9 Admin Country: CA Main Phone: +1.6475033332 Main Email: jovenesstaffing.ca@protonmail.com
I have been applying for jobs online and received an email from them stating they got my application info from their parent company. I applied for so many jobs that I figured it was possible I applied there. I asked for more info and they responded basically saying I already have the job if I want it but I had to reply, or else they have to move on to the next person. Something didn't feel right as they didn't ask to do an interview and also that they needed an answer right away. I received another three emails in a two day period asking why I haven u t responded.
They are offering a data entry job with ridiculous pay per month, allowing you to return the contact within days.
Here is the initial email: Good Morning, Thank you for applying for the Quality Assurance Specialist Position we advertised on www.careerbuilder.ca Below again is the job description: Quality Assurance Specialist Because this position is structured to be a part time position, it is a great opportunity for professionals that are currently working and post-secondary students (who) that want(s) to (earn) make an additional income. Quality Assurance Specialists are needed immediately to test contracted firms in major cities in Canada in the retail sectors. Reporting directly to the Risk and Compliance Officer, (the)Quality Assurance Specialist will be required to assess whether or not pre-established codes and guidelines (E.g., Quality Code) are being agreed to by customer care professionals and organizational stakeholders. Each Quality Assurance Evaluation will require a client review, client telephone inquiry, and client site visit. Most of these stations are accessible via public transit. Quality Assurance Evaluation(s) are accounted for at the rate of Three Hundred Dollars ($300) per evaluation. Up to 3 editions are currently available every week. Qualifications: Able to maintain strict confidentiality Excellent observation skills and a keen attention to detail Effective communication skills (both written and oral) Able to be objective and informed Ability to follow directions, report scenario and recall them as needed Access to a computer in order to review client and complete Duties: Assess whether or not pre-established codes and guidelines (E.g., Quality Code) are being agreed to by customer care professionals and organizational stakeholders. After an Evaluation, the Quality Assurance Specialist conducts a survey answering specific questions based on his/her observations and actions during the evaluation. If you are still interested in this position, do reply with the number Quality Evaluation you are able to carry out in a week - the minimum is one and the maximum is three. A recently completed Evaluation sample would be sent to you afterwards for better understanding. Also, don'te that each Quality Evaluation would take approximately two hours to complete. Regards, Daniel Mings +1 647-317-6072 - 104 Recruiting Officer www.accessresearchltd.com If you accept they will send you a certified check of $3900 of which $500 is their initial payment to you and they will ask you to e-transfer the $3400 to them.
This person offers employment as a personal assistant and then attempts to steal money from them through a Bitcoin deal. This particular job posting was on            . First email: "Good morning I am Mr and I need you regards the personal assistant job offer,I have been very busy with traveling that is the reason why i haven u t been in touch,your first task is sent you will receive it on Monday,drop me a text on 450-233-3663." Second email: "I am writing to inform you that I have confirmed your information. I hope to have your 100% loyalty and co-operation, Your quick response to emails and effectiveness will be required. Making regular contacts and drop-offs on my behalf, Scheduling programme, flights and keeping me up to date with necessary details. Next few weeks is going to be hell for me, I have four different Conventions to attend. I am always busy with tight schedules,I want you to make payment to one of my vendors." Third email: "A Business Check payment will be delivered to you from one of my clients, I have a "To do list" that I will email to you as soon as you receive the payment. It is very important for you to have great communication skill, You are required to keep a close track on my appointment's,quick response to emails, phone call, and text messages.You will have your contract form signed when we meet,I will provide you with your offer letter as well.I will introduce you to some of my client's and partners as time goes on. Kindly confirm your Interest,then I will get back to you when my client mail out the Business Cheque." Fourth email - the same: "Good Morning, How are you doing today,i have been real busy. Am Glad to Inform you that a payment was sent to you,the payment is your First Assignment and it will be delivered in the mail,it will be available online,it will get delivered to you today,the amount on the check is $4,690,You can track it on purolator.com. Here is the tracking number  XXXXXXXXXX The Package contains business Check, Once you receive the check, take it to your bank and have it processed and make the cash withdrawal of the full amount.You will purchase some Bitcoin and make donation to the orphanage home on my behalf. I contacted the orphanage home, and I was given the list of the items to be bought,  the items are much and will cost a lot to get them shipped, so we have reached an accord,  They will be getting the items themselves. Your weekly payment will reach you by next week anyway. Kindly confirm the location of my email."
Please look into attachment ..
They ask me the information of my email account so they can send me e-transfers that I am going to use to buy cryptocurrencies then send it back to them. I don't know if this company is legal or not.
and job search. detailed email sent to job workers requesting personal information (with a picture) An email was sent to me stating that they had a position for me. The pay was good, and at first, the email seemed easy. however, the person never replied directly to my emails, but sent separate emails requesting more personal information which included a picture and private details. the position included a 10 day probation period. it is explained to me that I would have tasks to complete during each day and would be paid $100 per tasks (these tasks were to build customer service skills and determine if I was a good fit for the position). The email stated that they were going to be setting up a new office "in my area", but never really stated the city I was in. (very ambiguous). The website provided was a very basic website and one should question how they secure customers.
This is such a site offering jobs with good pay, they look for people who are looking for jobs on websites? This is the second time this happened to me On indeed..... and it's only happened after I apply for over 5-10 jobs These firms look for people who have been actively searching and them prey on them because obviously they think a person actively looking is desperate and they offer you a position with their company, no interview, and ask for your personal info and a photo to boot of yourself with their signed work agreement for a 10 day probation... total pay! Their phone number doesn't go to a business and the address doesn't match, their website is blocked and their correspondence which is constant is unreliable, especially coming from an IT manager, wrong use of grammar, missing words... red flags all over this place, and the person Mary Eccles cannot be found anywhere and further research finds them to be innocent and under investigation, they send you links. f you open them on your computer DO NOT OPEN THEM.... they claim to be a recruitment services company and are recruiting for Human Resources assistant, I never applied for the job just all of a sudden got an email from them when I asked where they found my resume They said a job site like indeed or monster or monster.... don't fall for this crap and don't give them Any of your personal information they are not even accredited by the BBB and further research showed are under investigation
I received a new text message telling me that they have my resume, and offering a leadership position with them?? I never applied to anything yet... I am job searching soon but this is a lie.. Apparently this number is belonging to           . in West Virginia BC Don't respond to these! This isn't a real offer..
I am quite positive this is a trap. I could not find much information about the company online (except for their company website), but I found a recent post by a user describing a similar job offer, which others were identifying as a fraud. I'm not sure if the company offering the job mentioned in the email post is the same company as the one that offered me a job. I was first in contact with the company by email. I had applied to a job ("client services assistant" at the Technical) on Indeed, and a couple days later (on May 8th) I got an email from them asking me for my interest in the position and to send them my name, email address, and phone number, which I did. A number of days later (on May 21st), I received an email stating that this client services assistant position has already been filled, but there is another position available, sir, that they would like to offer me. (I initially found this email strange because the name of the company on the Indeed job posting, New Technical, was different than the company name, Hellanback Solutions Inc., on this email.The first email was from a "Jessica Jones" at VTR Technical, and the second email was from a "Jessica Wilson" at Hellanback Solutions Inc.) The email contained a link to the company website that described the customer position. Honestly, I flipped the page, wasn't really paying attention to what I was reading, and clicked the link at the bottom of the page to continue with the job application. This page asked for me to enter my email, first and last name, phone number, city, postal code, and hours of availability, which I did. A couple days later (on May 24th), I received another email (this time from a "John Bishop" at Hellanback Solutions Inc.) telling me that they are offering me a "probation period with an opportunity for permanent employment" in the same position. All that I need to do is confirm that I have a partner with a camera to continue with the employment process. Almost everything about this company and job offer seem like a game to me. Basically no qualifications are needed for this position, I have only been in contact with them over email, the company calling me is different than the one I originally applied for (I could also not really find anything about the other company, VTR Technical, online), and every email I've received has been from a different person. Also, the "Red" position itself is the biggest red flag. For whatever reason, I hadn't really paid much attention to the basic job description at first, but after the last email I received I went back and read it, and it sounds super simple: Job duties: "receiving payments, withdrawing cash from the bank account, accepting cash using real currency ", improvement of the online processing efficiency, and performing reports." I haven't performed any of these job duties, since I am not accepting the job offer and will not be making them back, so I haven't actually been called yet. But everything about the interactions I have had with this company, the company website, and the company position description have led me to believe that this employment offer is a trap and this company will try to sue me if I accept this job. Hopefully I described this encounter in enough detail. I have attached some of the emails I received. The website listing information on the cash position is hellanback.io/cashier. I am happy to provide any other information needed.
They provided me with a full job description and job agreement. On the phone they asked me if I can go to my bank and how long it would take me to get to a bank. This made me feel very uncomfortable and they asked me no interview style questions. The salary and requirements are too good to be true.
I was contacted via email by this company, telling me that I had been chosen as the perfect candidate for their open House Assistant position. They then wanted me to send them a copy of a signed employment contract, and a photo of myself holding the back page of the said contract. Once that was completed they wanted me to do several tasks during a 10 day duration of "probation". The second task is where I stopped, due to the fact that they wanted me to purchase it, to allow me to post job positions more efficiently. I contacted the banks in both Ontario and Sask. Both said they could not find records of this business. Stay safe everyone!
A person messages you about an online work at home part time job offer. Then they make you fill out forms that make you input your address and your internal banking information.They then send you an undisclosed amount, north of $1000 by each e-transfer.They then tell you to deposit the money they sent you into a cryptocurrency bank that they locate for you, so that they can trust you. They will then cancel the e transfer two days later and the money you deposit would be your own as you are now out of the money they sent to you.
You are welcome You will Earn $35 per hour and paid $per hour for training. and you will receive your payment via Check or direct deposit. BENEFITS: Rose Pharmacy Limited has significant experience in providing accounting and audit services to established 401, 403 (b), pension, profit sharing and health and welfare plans. Benefits for eligible worker include Health, Dental, Life and AD and D Insurance, Employee benefits and 401k plans.Paid Time Off and Holidays with Generous Company Discounts. Okay?
This case used indeed.com, a job site, to post a fake employment notice. Then contacted me a few months later. First by email, then by text. Got my info off the site. Sent me a conditional employment application, then an approved employment notice. Both asking for minor questions, no financial info. Did a Google search, found out I'm not the only person they did this too. The company is real, but this person does not represent them in any way. The phone number is a call number out of town, the email I think is running between Irvine and LA, California. Called the phone number, the person had an American accent. Called himself Harrison Parker. Said I would need to buy a whole bunch of equipment, but I would be here. Said they had studios in Toronto, but I couldn't get the address, a face to face interview (online or otherwise), or any real job description back until I had completed the process of signing on with the company.
They were offering me a job as a Remote Executive Manager
Through the website indeed, i applied for a customer service position. They responded to me via email and it does not seem legitimate. I have a list of the emails I have received from them attached.
I received an email saying that this "company" had reviewed my resume and would like to offer me a position as a "Human Resource Assistant". I had posted my resume on a few job seeking sites, so I thought it might be legitimate. The job description was very strange and did not match the job title, instead listing several random and fairly diverse tasks. The individual had sent me a link to the web-site, which was filled with technical errors and was extremely vague with no pictures or names of staff members. The "job posting" page said that for the first ten days of the "job", you would be assigned a single task which would pay $100, after which you would earn around $1500 a week. Also the only requirements for this job was to be 18 years old and legally entitled to work in Canada. All this seemed highly suspicious, and when I asked for more information, they sent me a "job contract" asking for personal information. They said the first stage of the job will be an "internship", and the interview will come once you've completed the internship.
I was looking for job and this person who me called me and said i got a job and told me to scan passport or license sent that i didn't do it and research and i found them.
I was looking for a Job in the Website Care.com, and this person who say calls Daniel Henry, he send me a message by care.com that is interested in hiring me, that we should communicate by email, after he asked for my schedule so  I sent it, he said that is going to pay 30 dollars per hour, that his wife is going to have a C-section Surgery soon and he's  looking someone who takes care of their little girl Hillary 3 years, he sent a picture of the girl, then he said that I need to  buy some things, and sent  a check for 2,750 dollars by Scotiabank, so  I ask him why so much money and he says that I need to buy a seat cart and other expensive things, besides that my payment is already included there, so WHAT AH!
He contacted me and a friend via Care.com with a job offer to take care of her daughter and he offered 30 dollars per hour.  Then he said his wife was about to have  a C-section emergency surgery and he wanted to give her a surprise birth gift, he sent me a check for 1.750 dollars to buy the stuff but we have never met before. A day after I received a email from Care.com saying that he was being removed from the site because he seems suspicious.
This scheme uses the legitimate company name, website address, postal address, Manager Name (John Holzapfel, Director, Human Resources) of a legitimate company.  It has posted for Junior Accountant position on many college and other institutional websites. A Google search of "The Jr. Accountant" brings up two full pages of websites where this posting has been listed.  I work at a publicly funded Canadian College and have contacted Mr. Holzapfel personally, together with three other staff to verify that this posting is, indeed, true.  I have provided a copy of the listing to Aventics directly and suggested that their I.T. person post something about this name on their website to indicate that the posting for Jr. Accountant is a fake.
This company is falsely advertising our business address and attempts to contact them have been unsuccessful. Multiple people have come into our office looking for this company and have all expressed concerns with the activity of this company.
I had applied for a part time position on Indeed on Sunday and by Monday morning I was called initially by Crystal Li with Star Events a promotional company offering an interview for Brand Ambassador and before responding I was texted to have a call by Vlad Zdryliuk (Western Regional Manager) by the end of the call I was "brought on as Brand Ambassador for liquor store's". He said he would send me registration information for schedule and etc. I get an offer letter of $20/hour plus commissions. Included was the information for registration for the Events. I filled out all of the information and made it to the log in - to which I notice the website is not secured! So I text Vlad and no answer.......
The person will have an interview by phone. Be careful.First, they will ask your address and real name. Then, they said they will ship you a computer with materials.
Hi this company is called global opportunities federation they claim to pay you $26 an hour for the first month and then $30 after the probation period they claim that they help students to travel the world to be exchange students and they made me work for 2 weeks then when the pay day came the number was disconnected the address is fake and the woman Emma is the caller she has not replied or tried to contact me and when I try to call the number on another number it works so in other words they just blocked me and are trying to call other people. they did transfer $2760 into my account and then told me it was for the students to travel from Italy to a so they told me to take the money to a bit coin machine and deposit it and it and I did thinking it was to help the kids. Very upset 2 weeks and no pay and now Emma will not even respond to me
Hi there, I believe this company is safe and  I will tell you why. They found my resume on indeed.ca and sent me the email below that I was hired. They never interviewed me. It was unusual and I started to ask questions. According to them, I was the best candidate. Nobody seem to know them and I couldn't find them online.(that worried me). When I sold or read them, I would find a different company with similar name. GOA. But but they call themselves GOP Federation or GOP opportunities Federation. I became concerned because my resume has my full name, telephone, email etc. The hiring manager told me to communicate via the messenger.  Then she started talking about money and getting Hostel for students arriving to Halifax. I told her they may communicate with the Hostels directly. I was a victim for fraud, and I can't help. THE MOMENT SHE HEARD FRAUD, She disappeared from Telegram messenger chat. I called 211 - to confirm if they can confirm - whether the company is fraud or not. They told me to contact you. Please see the email they sent me for the job below. HR Department of Federation is glad to offer you the position of Administrative Assistant. After reviewing your resume our PR department came to a conclusion that you are qualified for it. GOP Federation is a growing and successful organization that helps to connect students and cultures from all over the world. We are confident that our company will provide you with exciting personal development opportunities and challenges. As our organization works with students and government's issued programs you must have a clean criminal record. This will be a permanent position. The starting salary is $26 per hour and is paid on a weekly basis. After 1 month trial period the salary will be $30 per hour. Our office is located in Vancouver, BC and we are opening a brand new office in Toronto, ON next month,so we are looking for the employees. In the role of Administrative Assistant, you will be expected to carry out the duties and responsibilities described in the attached job description. This e-mail doesn't guarantee that you got the job. It states that you are qualified to apply, that we have read your resume and want to give you a chance to prove yourself during the trial period. If you choose to accept this job offer, please send me a confirmation e-mail at your earliest convenience. When your acknowledgment is received, we will send you employee forms to start hiring process. Please don't forget to provide me with your email address and your contact number in reply. If  you  have  any  questions  or  concerns,  please don't hesitate to contact me at (877) 817-0249 The company looks for a long-term association with all its employees and expects the same from you. We hope you will accept our job offer and we look forward to welcoming you to the new Federation team. Secretary, HR Department / GOP Federation Contact phone: (877) 817-0249 job@gopfederation.ca
I receive an email from Travis Simmons  from .  IN FREIGHT SOLUTIONS Inc. on April 8, 2019 they have an open position for "Operations Manager" there are few things that make an alert about this company. Fist of all the salary $29 hourly for doing what?, 2) They only have 1 phone #, I called several times and nobody answer (he said: Our call center is mostly closed, this is why you didn't got answer.) 3) They said over the phone interview I need to use My Bank Account to received money from them..."During probation period you will  work  with  this  transfer, you will receive payment from our client and you will need send it to counter-agent (because they accept funds for transportation of cargo only in transit" (please see attached for more details).4)they have no office or others employee in Calgary to talk with. I didn't give them any money or another information other the information they found on my resume (phone #, address and email). Please find into the hole string of emails back and forth between Travis Simmons and myself, as well the forms he sent to me in order to accept and sign the contract.
Was given this company's email address by what was supposed to be my employer to buy office furniture for my at home office. Seemed legitimate since they have a website and everything. Seemed like it was going well until they wanted payment for the furniture. I should have been more intelligent and not continued forward with it when they demanded a cash deposit to a bank account. When i deposited the money, they told me to tell my bank, if they asked, to tell them this guy was a cabinet maker? After they sent me that email, i immediately called the bank to reverse the transfer but it was too late, they had already processed the payment. this tech company called me back and demanded the rest of the payment in cash or electronic currency. Had to close my bank account and called my lawyer immediately.
Applied for a job on indeed. Also posted my resume on the job site. Was contacted by them via phone and text message to learn about the job further with the response email as careers@reidconsultingservices.com. This was supposed to be a work from home job. Whoever provided all the correct information that was posted on their website, explained thoroughly what the company did for business. Said their corporate office was located in Arizona, and within the last 5 years opened their office in Hamilton, Ontario. If you look them up online, it does say their office is in Arizona but there is no mention of a Nevada office. Unfortunately, got sucked into signing a "contract" with them. They forward you to a tech company to buy office furniture for your business. Have also reported them to the police.
I was looking for employment back in London, so I had profiles on LinkedIn and Indeed with my email address. A few legitimate businesses contacted me for interviews, so I wasn't suspicious. A woman named Evelyn Leet contacted me on July 8 with a company called Alliance Logistics (Alliance-Log). She said they had a work-from-home position as a "Payment Manager." When I searched their company name and a few different ones came up (some seemed legitimate) but nothing seemed to connect to them and the website from their email looked very vague and empty. But they offered me a phone interview and the money was great, so I decided to give them a chance. I took the morning off work for this interview, thinking it would be a normal 30 minute to 1 hour initial phone interview. Instead, a woman who could barely speak English with a heavy French accent started to explain that I was hired, the training process would be three weeks, and when could I start. I tried to ask normal interview questions, but she got irritated and kept repeating herself, just asking me when I could start. And that "It will all be explained when you start." Even when I asked what my duties were, they were vague, just about processing money through accounts. Her accent was so heavy that I had to keep asking her to repeat herself. I wasted my morning for this two minute interview. When I got off the phone, I sent an email to Evelyn Leet with all the questions I would expect. I heard nothing back until today. Today, I was contacted again by this Evelyn Leet email address for a "Payment Manager" position. As if they forgot they called me or interviewed me at all, as if nothing happened.
They sent an email stating we were qualified for the job and no interview is required my references were never contacted. Then we were asked for banking information for direct deposit or so they stated. They also asked for ID to know if we were legal to work in Canada so passport, Canadian ID and driver's license were asked. They used the same information as in email and number same as OnlineNews24.ca. When the so called bad person called me then he could not give any info about the legitimacy of the job, he just said accept the job if you want to or deny it if you don't because I canot give you any information, he then said Ok and hanged up. The person had hard Latin accent and I could understand what exactly he was saying as he was speaking so fast as to wanting to get off the phone quickly.
They sent an email stating we were qualified for the job and no interview is required my references were never contacted. Then we were asked for banking information for direct deposit or so they stated. They also asked for ID to know if we were legal to work in Canada so passport, Canadian ID and driver's license were asked. They used the same information as in email and number same as OnlineNews24.ca. When the so called bad person called me then he could not give any info about the legitimacy of the job, he just said accept the job if you want to or deny it if you don't because I canot give you any information, he then said Ok and hanged up. The person had hard Latin accent and I could understand what exactly he was saying as he was speaking so fast as to wanting to get off the phone quickly.
I have been looking for work recently and I just received an email from Amanda Hunt today. I called the business name she gave me and found the only warning of possible employment changes. Here is what she sent in the email: Hello there, I am the hiring manager at Cammek Software Ltd. and I am looking for a people like you for work with our company. I came across your profile in Indeed and would like to invite you to apply to position that will interested you. We offer a great benefits, perfect salary and flexible work hours. If you are interested, please answer from your personal email or send your resume with your personal email (and i will able to make a phone interview for you). Regards, Amanda Hunt
Applied for an online job on the job site postjobfree.com Contacted by this person for an assistant position Was very busy, sent multiple emails if I took long to reply Very poor grammar Very short on location of job just that it was in Toronto, told me there were benefits but she wouldn't tell me until I signed a contract Sent out of the same email Here is the email I received: I would like to tell you about our company. My name is Helen Haislip. I am a bank manager. Our company mainly works online. At present, we are expanding our staff and making it better. In the 21st century, the whole industry is going online (the Internet). "The Internet is our future" - citing the words of our supervisor Kevin M. Batz. Our main goal is to help enterprises meet their needs for human resources, as well as to meet the needs of job-makers. As you have already read in job description all employees undergo a probation period of 10 days (This period is paid). This is to teach you some special skills (such as working online, the site studies, ability to work with clients. Study and search this and many more).  Carefully read the Agreement for Probation Period, then fill it. ("Agreement for Probation Period" exists only for probation period (10 days), after completion the probation period,you will be provided a general contract with our company, which you will fill out at the branch of our company). You need to download the "Agreement for Probation Period " from our official website at the link: DOWNLOAD Before you start the probation period, you need to: 1. Fill in the first page of the contract and send it to me. 2. Sign the last page of the contract and send it so that I can see your face and signature. (I attached an image to the letter, it will help you to take a photo with the last page of the contract correctly) 3. Please send the link of your Wikipedia page. (If there is a profile on LinkedIn) After the probation period, we'll require you to bring the documents to the office or read them. Your first stage in the company will be an internship.  You will have a personal meeting with us after the internship. During the internship you need to stay online all the time. Best regards, Oldridge Employment Ltd, Helen Haislip. Contacts: Company name: Oldridge Employment Ltd. Website: http://eoldridge.com/ Telephone: +1 (09-8867
I applied for many jobs on indeed.com and I got mail from the company named Canada Reporter (where I have never applied) and they sent me an Job offer which I have to sign and send them back with few details and after that they asked for some identity proof. As I am new here in Canada, I gave them my passport details and study permit details which I am referring to. They have the website named canadareporter.ca and it is their website and they have copied all the material from reuters.com and removed the name used from it as to fraud others. When I called them, only one person is answering my phone calls named the Adams. They offered me 650 dollars per week and money also. I was having doubts regarding company from beginning. I searched them from ground and I found one fraud relating to it. They give you mystery shops on day 1 which I have never completed for. I want to aware others about it. They send the file with its extension and it adds to suspicion about them. After that they didn't answered my calls.
I saw the TV ad on Facebook and need to work at home, so I thought it would be a good opportunity. I went to the website and a direct message popped up from Adam asking me how he could help. I asked are you a boy or a person and no response. Then a couple weeks later I went back and said Hello. I am ready for help. A woman's picture popped up and said hello. I said I was wondering more about your program. I can't find it in the car, can you prove you are right? Sorry, there are just so many things to be careful for nowadays. Then I waited and said bye. There is nothing on YouTube. There are no reviews I can find anywhere except on their website and they always have a "limited sale" on their main course. As soon as I sent the message asking if they are ready the site turned to not secure. There is a video on the site with a woman named Melissa (dead?) and it could have been stolen from anywhere. She makes no claim as to learning from them or getting a job from them. They also promise you will get a job or your money back. Adam Morehouse is the founder but Adam Mcilroy is the one that has their name on the video. The following is the information I got from scamadvisor.com: Facts about itesol.com Company data Organisation	files for India Ltd. Owner	: Jones Address	7 Floor Workington Tower, 78 Bonham Strand Na	na City	Cheung Wan Country	Home Phone	+852.93332254 E-mail	adam.giles@englishforasia.com Country Likelihood	Hong Kong: 80% / United States: 14% / Singapore: 6% Census data Website	itesol.com Information from website	hongkongtesol.com Website country	and Domain age	5 Years, 88 Days Website Speed	Slow They have Facebook and Twitter, although the Instagram isn't used. Check it out. They use their as Tutor and say you will make 25$/hour.. Online or Online Pty Ltd. They have three phone numbers... T - US      : 1300 483 765 T - US        : 09 889 1530 T - US/CA : 800 489 0513
Saw the posting on indeed.com. Applied for it. Received a text message from 'Max Francis, Head of Operations' with a link to click on. http://bit.ly.aclassinc. Clicked on link and completed the form.  Next day received an envelope via UPS. Then started getting texts asking me if i have taken a of picture of my house. Realized the mistake made in filling in form. Tried to decline and was threatened that a security team would be watching me. Decided to report this to you. This is the form attached to the link. My name is Max Francis, Senior Operation Manager for A-Class Consulting Inc. A Class Consulting Unit specialized in Business Evaluation and Staffing Services. Our website is www.aclassconsultinginc.com. We are young and vibrant company with great and clear goals. Prior to receiving your resume via Indeed, an applicant had already been chosen for the position you applied for, however, we have an immediate opening for the role of a Personal Assistant to the department from the comfort of your home, whereby you will run day to day or weekly email and paper works remotely/Home based for the department... should you be interested, we will be more than willing to grant you the position because your resume has shown that you are of credible character, responsible and value. The below-stated details are applicable to the position: Administrative/Clerical duties, supervision, monitoring, and scheduling programs. Making regular contacts and drop-offs. Assisting with control and monitoring of financial activities. Job type: Part-Time. (Full Time after one month if you still choose to work for us) Days: 2-3 days a week. Hours: 18 hours weekly. Weekly Pay: $600 (then $1200 weekly after 2 weeks of satisfaction on the job execution and dedication) BENEFITS:  bull  AD  and  D Insurance  bull  401(k)..(after 3 months with us, plus an increase in your weekly payment)  bull  Free Medicals(after 1 month with us, plus an increase in your weekly payment) I will set up a formal interview with you after your first two trial assignments and of course bring you up to date on the handling of your duties. You will begin your remote home office based position immediately as I get back from an official trip, I am presently in Ottawa, ON Canada our Head Office. There are pending assignments that need to be handled and I believe these tasks are simple tasks which you can carry out pending the time I return. You will be receiving weekly payments upon completion of your weekly assignments. DO CONFIRM ACCEPTANCE OF THIS POSITION BY PROVIDING THE BELOW DETAILS. SHOULD YOU CHOOSE TO DECLINE THE OFFER, KINDLY SEND AN EMAIL STATING THAT, SO THE APPLICATION CAN BE KEPT OPEN FOR ANOTHER PERSON. PLEASE COMPLETE THE APPLICATION FORM REQUIREMENT BELOW : Name First Last Address Street Address Address Line 2 City State / Province / Region Postal / ZIP Code Country Phone Number# -# -## Email
An employer named Maria from his employ randomly contacted me and has advised that she found my email through LinkedIn. She had then provided a job offer as a Human Resources assistant. Upon signing the employment contract she provided to me by email. Her first job for me was posting a job ad through LinkedIn. After that, she had told me that they work with employers by using it. As she said it was part of my job to withdraw and deposit through to the e-transfer an unknown employer has sent me by email with an amount of 2400. Upon doing what I have been told to do, my bank immediately blocked my bank account and has been advised by my branch that I did a failed transaction. Not knowing what was happening, I immediately tried to contact Maria Haynes by email but she never responded back. Now I owe 2400 from the bank even though I am a victim of an employment scheme and has a lot of NSF fees which made my account negative.
These people contacted me through Indeed.ca. They offered me a position of payment manager, as a remote position. I checked for any red flags online, there were none. They were even registered on the main federal websites for 3 years. They asked for the completed application and one piece of ID, which I sent them thinking they were right. We had a phone interview too. I checked out my car number and Birthday(I missed once spot where it was a second time, and so I had to go to my bank, and close my account). They then sent me an application info email, followed by two responses, all of it seemed good. After that, this lady, Tiana Newman, pretending to be the CEO for this fake company, asks me if I'm ready for the practical part of the candidate exam. I said yes, expecting that I would be sent paper sheets or information which I would have to analyze or something. Instead she said, that she would send me money via text to my personal bank account which I would have to cash out, convert to heroin and hand over to their agent. According to her my "corporate account was being set up" but I would have to use my personal account in the meantime. That was a big indication and I became aware of what they actually are. I instantly searched for newer types of tools and sure enough i found articles about this exact same method. They transfer money stolen from another account, which would be reverted back to the owner once the bank had processed the fraud charges. This fake company would have gotten away with their Bitcoin currency and the victim would end up double spending. They even set up their fake website which looks like at a glance, then i noticed the discrepancies like no "About Us" section, the board of directors are all customers and they can be anyone. Their services are explained very vaguely and they include stock photos when you try to open the link. Also, the address on their website is just a regular house, not even an office. Extremely dangerous because, I hope no one falls for this. Still, I did not have any more information and took the necessary steps to protect myself from any further implications.
After posting my resume on job search portal (Indeed) I was contacted by GOP Federation / Global Opportunities Federation regarding a new assistant position in their upcoming Calgary office. They promised reasonable pay and benefits and offered to hired me right off the bet with no interview. The case is identical to the one reported by Global News in 2018: https://globalnews.ca/news/4303918/gta-woman-says-she-was-scammed-by-fake-job-posting/. They simply changed their company name. The phone number has a generic voice mail and their website is currently under "scheduled maintenance". This is not an elaborate scheme, but simple and potentially is the fake money transfer fails then identity theft based on the information collected by them from your "employment contract".
was offered a job -  sounded good and was told i would be supporting it, it turns out to be a big deal -  they want you to get papers and deposit them in their machines -   see the email:  name is Nita Morgan Full Spectrum Computer Services has to offer you:  bull  Flexible working hours  bull  Competitive salaries  bull  Medical, Dental, Vision, Health, and Employee Assistance Program  bull  Vacation, Personal and Holiday Pay  bull  Employee Support Program  bull  Employee Discount Program that includes things such as movie tickets, cell phones, taxi services and much more  bull  Full provision of equipment necessary for work  bull  Employment and salary for Full time: 40 hours/week ($1470),  bull  For Part time: 20 hours/week ($730) Requirements:  bull  You have excellent customer service.  bull  Place of residence Canada.  bull  Ability to monitor, organize and manage time effectively.  bull  Organization skills for successful strategy planning. We got your resume from the website: indeed If you are looking for an opportunity to work in a highly creative and lucrative field, please reply this email. We will begin your employment. If you not interested, please let us know also, and we will not bother you again.                                               Full Spectrum Computer Solutions is an MSP providing a focused set of technology solutions Address: 101 Eaton Square Clarington, England
Hello, I've received a direct message to apply for a job in Canada. After sending my resume, I was asked to fill an application and attach my photo and a copy of my passport. Then they sent me a document has many questions stated that this is a questions interview. And I got two calls, one from a private number and the other from a this number, +1 (613) 704-4685 which I couldn't hear anything during this call! I was first contacted by a recruitment agency called EPS, now the company itself is sending me the offer letter without even inviting me face to face via phone or something like that. Also, the offer itself is too much. I feel like it's a dream and I've been fired! Is this a real company?
I got contacted by this employer offering my Customer Service Manager position. I checked their website, and I didn't suspect a leak, so I took it seriously (I found their add on ZipReqcruiter,). I worked so hard after I signed the contract, they were looking to open an office in Toronto, ON, and were looking for reasonable prices for the stores and warehouses which I successfully found putting my credibility on the line. And they asked me to accept a customers payment for the shipping service in my personal account, cash it out, and deposit the cash into theirs. Only I didn't do it. Be aware.
Was offered what seemed like a real mystery for position.  Tax forms were sent and then communication stopped.   Website does look legitimate. But now  skeptical
This particular site has job posting on Twitter and other job sites. They will contact you via email asking you to click the link to do an online interview. Once the interview has been submitted they will contact you and say you have been selected and that they are sending you an employment contract right away. I immediately thought this was a trap so I checked the site and the website for the actual company is different from the website you enter.
Offer a job then email money through e-transfer. Then Asked me to deposit money to it.
the "Operation Manager, John Smith" called a potential job candidate offering them a position for their new office located in Edmonton Alberta. He is requesting their address to send their full legal name for a check they will be sending the candidate, as well as their complete email address and phone number. Upon further inspection their website only 3 people employed at the company, two of which can't be found on any other website and their photos are quite obviously stock photos with names superimposed. When called to ask where the office is located, John Smith was unable to provide an address as it "has not been opened yet".
John Morgan Jr. placed a post on Facebook seeking people interested in a data entry work from home job. I reached out to him and he asked if I had a bank account and some account. He gave me an email address (cargill.inc0@gmail.com)  and interview code and I was to make contact through some chat. I made contact with Leigh Anne Baker, who stated she was the hiring manager/human resources manager for Cargill Inc. based out of Wayzata, Minnesota. She told me about the company and what the job required. We proceeded with the interview and she was impressed. She stated that she had to send our conversation to the head of the IT unit as everything was monitored. She got back to me in about 20 minutes to say I had got the job. She asked how I preferred to be paid, weekly or bi-weekly and what form of payment I preferred such as direct deposit, credit card transfer or check. Then she stated I needed to provide her with the following  My full name: Sex: Date of birth: House Address in full: Phone numbers: Email: Mobile Network: A Passport photograph to attach to your profile. To enable the secretary enter them into the Company's Register for proper employee's documentation. She said Iwill be need the following Software Programs and the  working materials, to enable me to perform this job effectively without any problems  IBM Business Solutions Software 2015, US Patent Single, Users Pack simply accounting 2015, Apple Final Cut Express 3.5. Upgrade, Norton Ghost 9.0, Microsoft Office XP 2015 Standard Upgrade, Apple tree Premium Accounting 2015, EDI software program, Apple MacBook Air, Company's Telephone..., And lots more. I asked if all of this was going to be provided by the company or if I was responsible to obtain it myself. Her response was: The funds for the research and working materials will be provided to you by the company with your choice of receiving payment. You will be using the funds in making purchase of.  your equipment's from the company's certified Vendor and All equipment's will be labeled on them with the company's name, they will have you connected to the company's database. She says, The funds will be covering up for both your working and training materials as well as setting up a mini office in your home which I believe you do have a space provided for that? You are supposed to have this purchased from your pocket but the company will provide this via direct deposit due to the costs so you don't have to worry about that. She says I will be making the purchase of the programs as the company is not specialized on the software programs. You are to get it from the company certified vendor that is the third party to the company who will also  then install with disc and have it shipped to you within 3 working days via FedEx. The software vendor will be responsible for the installation of the software and any updates and patches. They will also need to perform manual data analysis and secure the data to meet ISO standards. I agreed. She asked if I was ready to receive the funds for the working materials needed, I said yes. She asked how long I have been dealing with my bank and that she needed me to provide: Name on the account is  Account number name  Bank Code number Bank address Also, provide the online Username and Password for the delivery and coordination of funds sent and it will be cleared off our database once payment is confirmed and allocated to the Company's Vendor. She asked if I was currently doing anything, so there would be no excuse and delay in order for me to get the materials shipped. A total deposit of A $5000.00 will be made into your account for the working materials, you will have them sent via WesternUnion to the company vendors treasurer which I will provide the details to you. I checked my account and there seemed to be a mobile deposit of $2500. I was to got to western union in 3 separate locations to make 3 payments. I told the clerk at western union and she refused to make the transaction and told me to go to my bank. I went to my bank to find out it was a fake check deposited into my account and my accounts were frozen by the frauds of my bank. She threatened me with: Remember I have you passport and your personal information, if I cannot get a reply from you in the nest 20 minutes, I will refer you to the fraud department and you will accept whatever happens to you.
The call began when I received the following email from an individual identifying themselves as a recruitment consultant. Initially this did not appear strange as I'm an electrical engineer who gets contacted by computers semi-regularly and the email went to my name (not my file folder). "Yes, Trust you are having a great day. The management of Surrell Engineering is in need of a regional representative and your internal profile shows you are capable of handling such opportunity. This offer comes with a lucrative annual salary and other benefits. If interested kindly respond positively for more information about the job. Best Regards, Recruitment Consultant Service      ". My gut told me that this was a trap, but initially I assumed that Surrell engineering was in fact a real firm whose name was being used without permission. I attempted to contact the company to inform them of the situation via the general email address listed on their website (info@surrellengineering.com), but my email failed to send. Upon further inspection, I realized that the entire company was a fake. This became certain when I reversed image searched a photograph of a female member of the management team, (a person identified as Ruth       ), and discovered the original image in the donor box of a US based mental hospital. The person is correctly identified in this booklet and she is not named Ruth      . Presumably, the photograph was stolen. Furthermore, when searching for the image I discovered a link for a second fake company identifying themselves as Swermat Group (http://www.swermat.com/index.html). The entire website was identical to Surrell's - even the logo. The only difference was the name of the firm and the location, as it is reportedly based in Zurich whereas Surrell is reportedly based in Melbourne. It's likely that both websites (and possibly others) are managed by the same individual(s).
She posted a job offer on Indeed.ca to receive money transfers and change them into coins. No experience was required and the position paid well. Without an interview a job offer was sent with a waiting period where your own bank account would be used to receive the money transfers via interact e-transfer. Thinking it sounded crazy I researched into the company and found them most likely to be a team so I turned down the offer and reported them here.
 My daughter applied for a job on indeed.com   she has had contact by phone and various email address all that are listed on the so call companies website. There are some grammar errors. And job just sounds to good to be true. They want my daughter to fill out paperwork including her SIN  and send them a picture of her.  I see red flags   Thanks.  
Canada reporter sent me an email of giving job and email said that they don't interview for part time positions. They did not ask for money. But, i suspected it as it did not have any company address. The phone number was not working. I bought this company and i did not get any real stuff. It was that they have used any other journalists name you or to write for their company. The setup for their job application was impressive but it is fake.
I was laid off recently from work so I have to look for a job. Then I got an email message about a job offer from this company who pretended that they're a great provider of IT Support for every businesses. They saw my resume on Indeed.com for a certain job position and this was why they made me a job offer. As desperate for a job I was, I responded to the offer and agreed to take it. Sure enough a woman named Sara Hermet (first name) answered my response by calling me back a description of the job and an attached job application form. I filled in this application form and sent it back through her email address. From here, days have gone and I got no response from her anymore. Then I got suspicious about the company itself so I checked their website. Everything shown on their website are just figures or images of their product's description with no real links and their two phone numbers may not be real business lines. Only then did I know that this whole deal was fake. So far, nothing was lost from me but they sure got the most of my identity. My final thoughts on this company was that it's fake. I'm not sure if they'll do me harm in the future as they have my personal information already or maybe my information would turn up useless to them. I just hope nothing goes bad.  I would definitely like to get this company examined thoroughly so no one else would end up as a victim of bad job offers.
Brenda Pais from President Youth Program hired me as an administrative assistant. They said they are a new organization assisting foreign exchange students to visit Canada and Winnioeg is their new location and will be putting up an office here in March 2019. I followed up with her as to when the office in Winnipeg will open and said they are still looking for a location and will give me update soon. She gave me 1st task to create a slide about nice people in Winnipeg and submitted to her. Second task was to create a slide again about choosing options for the exchange students to stay for a week. But before I had finished the 2nd task, she called me and said that there will be set of students that will be coming to Winnipeg the next week and they need to pay the reservation of the house via cash and needed my help to pay (transferring the payment to my banking account) to the school. I asked why they can't just transfer it directly to the hotel's account and said they (mostly) don't accept e-transfers, and so I agreed. She said they'll e-transfer the money via email and so I gave my email address. She said she will give me a call again to give instructions and so I waited. The next morning she called and then confirmed that the money has been transferred and then gave instruction to withdraw the money and go to a place and once I get there she will call again to give me another location. This made me question but I withdrew the money and sent her a request for confirmation. I asked for the name of the hotel but she didn't respond. This time, it made me starting to worry. Why she can't just directly give me the name of the hotel and exact address and pay it? I did not agree to go to that place. I searched the place but there was no hotel/hotel nearby. I made excuses to not to go to that place because I'm not sure what or who is waiting there for me and also, I'm new to life. She said on that place, I can deposit it to a machine. That blown my mind and I asked a lot of questions and then told me she'll call the hotel and will call me back. After minutes, she called me back again and said I can just deposit the money to a bank in any branches. She gave me an account name and account number. This really gave me hope. Brenda said at first they 'n't accept e-transfers but how come now she instructed me to just deposit it to someone I don't know!! To me, all I think of that day was just to get out of that mess and hell don't want to do that again. She kept calling me and asked if I have already deposited the money and said it needed to be deposited, to confirm the reservation payment. It took me time to deposit the money since it is not right anymore. I wanted to get out of this mess again! And so I went to this bank and deposited to that account Brenda gave. I sent her the email to confirm the deposit and said she'll contact me again and give update. From there, I did not contact her, I was just waiting for her to contact me just to at least give me idea what was that all about. It was all sudden and she even kept me hanging. The day after had passed and still no message from her. I never tried to contact her after that incident.
I haven't applied for this job position and they sent me an email to fill out an application form. The form looked pretty neat with reference check requests etc. It only took a day for them to get back to me and officially offer me the position. I have called the number noted on the email and the person who is named John Owen didn't receive the phone right away but called right back. It seemed that he was calling me from his home or at his personal space. The ultimate red flags about this job offer was the request to scan and send them my personal information - passport/Driver license. The paragraph below is the message that the company have sent me in the email: We have finalized the selection process for the position of Quality Control Agent that you have applied for, and I am very pleased to be able to offer you a job. To help you sign up for a complete benefits package, our human resources department will help you choose the health and dental insurance program after the trial period. You will also be eligible to participate in our profit sharing plan. Please confirm your acceptance of this offer by completing and signing forms attached. The government requires us to verify your employment eligibility before you can begin work. Therefore, could you please send us scan of your ID/DL/Passport. If you have any questions about this offer, feel free to contact me. We look forward to your acceptance of this offer and to a mutually beneficial relationship. Regards, John Owens
Received an email offering me a job I never applied to. Said they got my resume from indeed but my resume is private. This is message -  - Our new management received your request on        time and we are glad to offer you a vacancy of Customer Care Assistant - Quality Inspection Representative. I am sending the Application Form and Job Description. I ask you to complete it as a part of our selection process. Please review the Job Description attached for more info about vacancy. Thanks for letting us to review your information. Regards, John Owens.
The site first had a "secret" reach out to me on LinkedIn, with a complete profile that matched the VIACOM website. He provided me very specific details about the job offer in a very professional manner, stating Viacom was attempting to start a new programme, that aimed at hiring employees through international and online networks, due to the increasing development and use of technology and asked for an email to use for the primary contact. I have found employment through accounts before on Linkedin with very respectable companies so this did not raise any red flags - especially considering they provided me with the website, and all contact details - except for phone contact, but did include a secret account - VIACOMRecruits.  I reviewed a significant amount of information online, which made me agree with this company as being legitimate, what I did not think of was that current OR past employees, as well as, some who have never worked with the company, could possibly steal all this information AND MORE - to continue their success. They was the main form of contact through email and asked me almost 20 or more questions over the course of a week to see if I would be a suitable candidate. All questions were normal and professional some which were personal, but would be asked by any employer.., as were the communications generally throughout the week. They also uses a signature and a profile picture all correlated to the website and the company logo and even provided a LEGITIMATE CONTRACT WITH A HEAD OF OPERATIONS SIGNATURE AND LOGO. Along the way, they asked if I would be available for a Skype interview and, as someone who has done several of these for international companies, no flags were raised. They was also able to answer all my questions regarding the company, hiring standards and policy, which makes me assume the individual is a CURRENT OR FORMER EMPLOYEE. However, when the day came, she was "experiencing computer issues" and could only facilitate a couple chat, which started to raise some suspicions, but because of how the course of the whole interaction has gone, I did facilitate this conversation in which she offered the job of being an Online Administrative Assistant for either a full-time or part-time position, and requested I submit the contract by 6 pm UK time to be processed, as well as some ID's to verify my identity. I submitted the contract as well as the form provided by my bank for direct deposit. With this, they have stolen money from me, opened accounts on behalf of myself and more than likely shared information to other parties - I have closed all accounts associated with the contact and have reached out to the city police who informed someone in the government. Whitney has either blocked me on all accounts and so has the police, or both have deleted their accounts. I have attempted to contact VIACOM's legitimate business and they have not responded to any forms of communication between their social media accounts, emails and have even reached out to specific offices located in North America and the UK.
Please read my instructions. This information is useful to you and it is very important for you. Why does our company use it to pay for jobs. Clients of our company are sponsors for training new personnel so that after an internship in our company outstanding specialists in their field would go out. 1. Zero or very low commission: The commissions are practically independent of the amount transferred or from the location of the sending and receiving parties. Often transactions are free. The commission is required only for the formation of technically large transactions that load the network, or very small amounts, to avoid an attack on the network by making a huge number of large transactions. 2. Instant transfers: In banks, transfers between accounts take on average 3-5 business days, or more, if they are foreign transfers. In Mexico currency transactions are important. However, when working with large amounts, it is recommended to wait for several months by the transaction network, usually it takes less than an hour. 3. Safety, reliability, security: In micro-currency to store the access keys to the funds, we use proven encryption with a division into open and private keys. Similar algorithms are used by banks and other financial organizations to protect their data. And the total processing power of the Bitcoin network, which is used to protect the history of transactions, in 2012 exceeded the computing power of any computer in the world. I'll give you one on account of our company. And I'll teach you how to use it. Of course, you will need some time. We will provide you with funds for this reason. I'll help you buy this. We need to be able to transfer money to you so that you can buy it for work. Popular methods of bank transfers: 1. Direct Deposit. 2. E-Transfer rate. Are you familiar with the transmission of e-transaction? All transactions in our company are made through the bank. This is a confirmation of the reliability of our money. We cooperate exclusively with banks! All transactions are conducted under the supervision of the bank's security service. About any expenses: You don't need to spend money from your pocket. All fees that you will have you can pay from the amount you receive. Your initial capital will be distributed to 2-3 transfers. All information about taxes I will provide you with your salary when you finish the internship. This is your second task in our company. All transactions are protected by our security team. Our company works only with reliable customers. All information will not be passed to third parties. Let me know if you're ready proceed to the second task. If you are now free and ready to perform the task, I will give you further instructions. Best regards, Attwood Recruitment Solutions Ltd, Megan Dennis Contacts: Company name: Attwood Recruitment Solutions Ltd. Website: http://attwoodrs.net/ Telephone: +1 (902) 704-1715
We  have  received  a  letter  with your consent and are glad that you decided to join our company. Now we you ll immediately move on to our next step. In this letter I you m sending to you the documents to fill in. Important:  all  documents  must  be  printed, accurately filled in by hand, scanned and sent back. The first and most important thing is signing the contract. Open the document named  : Employment contract form. This document includes all basic conditions of your working from home. Please, study this document thoroughly. In  the  second  paragraph   about Wages  and  Schedule of work,  you need to choose  the  kind of occupation (Part-time or Full-time). Put the child into  the  field  you have chosen. Then there is the information about working hours and salary for the chosen kind of occupation. At  the  end  of  the  document you will have to put your signature to confirm that you agree with the conditions. Then  you  need to write in your name, the date of filling in and your personal signature. The next equally important document is  the application for employment status. This  is  your personal information form. When filling in this form be careful and don't make mistakes. You  also  need to write in your name, date of filling in and personal signature at the end of the document. All  these  documents  must be filled in accurately, in block letters, scanned and sent in reply to this letter. You  must  register here. Download this application in your mobile market  and  install  it  on  your phone. You also need to register an account  with  them.  Then  send  me the phone number that will be attached to your account. After  we  have received your documents you will be sent an Employment Protection  Letter (an official letter, confirming the fact that you are working at our company). Then you will be able to start performing your direct responsibilities right away. Sincerity, manager James Berg.
I have a profile on Indeed.ca for job searching. One morning last week I received a text message on my personal phone saying the following: "Hi  my full name. We are pleased to extend an offer of employment to you in the position of Administrative Assistant. After reviewing your resume on Indeed, our PR department came to a conclusion that you are qualified for it. If you are interested in our job offer, please contact us for more information at job@aenetwork.ca (HR Department) / AE Network." I did send them an email to say I was interested in applying for the position. I received a response fairly shortly back that advised they were opening a business in my city (no city was actually listed) in July and they were looking for hire people quickly. I was to respond to the email to accept the position. The email did include a list of qualifications, a page with a job description, and a link to their website: aenetwork.ca. The grammar in the email was decent but not great, there was no contact name included and when I went to the website, it was down for "scheduled maintenance". I attempted to stop the business as they stated they were branching out from Montreal but there is zero information posted anywhere else about the company online. They have sent me some electronic forms to sign for agreements. I didn't fill any of those out. On their website they said they are partnered with companies such as Air Canada, Destination Canada, and the Aboriginal Tourism Association. I reached out to them and they confirmed they are not partnered with this company. After I checked with them, I did not respond to any more emails with AE Network, so beyond my personal information, I'm not sure what they were after. As I couldn't find any prior history for this company's name, I just wanted to make sure I reported it so others could find it much easier before they gave them anything.
We found the ad on Facebook and filled in a form stating our interest in the auditions.  We were then invited to an audition.  At this 1st meeting, there was a video showing about their company.  We were there, one by one, invited to meet one of their employee for a short interview (approx 5 to 8 minutes) and mini audition, then right away told that we 'kinda of like your child' and could we meet again the next day for a 2nd audition, but that they would confirm the same night if this 2nd meeting still stand.  Later in the day, it was confirmed to come the next day.  At that 2nd audition audition, we were right away told about their fees (even before proceeding to the 2nd audition). The 1st meeting made us think that they would do multiple things BEFORE telling us that they would register us.  It was NEVER mentioned about fees in the 1st meeting to make people come back.  This company leads people to think they will have a chance to show their talent but barely takes time to see if you have talent but quickly asks for deposit without getting to know you. The company claims to be seeking new talent so holds auditions. When you you re asked to come back they demand a fee in US currency claiming it is s for an opportunity to be in front of talent agents etc but the company itself ARE NOT talent agents. Law states that no agent can receive payment until the talent is covered by work which is usually a 10% commission. I am very disappointed at the way this company proceeds and makes believe the people (especially the children) that they are going to help you with your dream.  It is very sad to take advantage of people like that.  Once I got myself informed and DID NOT sign or pay anything, I stopped the process and did not pursue.  I am filling this in, in hope to help others in NOT getting caught with this shit.
So I've been looking for jobs recently on indeed  and I've stumbled across a client position called Mesman Foundation.. we've been checking emails back and forth over a couple days. They're willing to pay $21/hour, even though I don't have much experience besides customer service. I was recently hired during a 5 minute interview  without actually having to go face to face.. seems kinda strange. I'd love to hear some feedback before I go in for my first day on the 13th. They recently had a website but now when you open it, the page comes up suspended
I'm in the process of finding a job and this company claims they found my email on "Indeed.com" by sending an email to me stating my full name and that they've gone over my resume and like it, etc. Sounded quite promising other than the minor technical errors which I overlooked at first. They attached this poorly written PDF file to read over that details the job summary and plans. After reading that I got even more suspicious as the grammar/spelling mistakes in there were even worse! It sounded too good to be true as well. $20/hour plus $70 per complete assignment, time, holiday pay, benefits, etc... As if! Then I went to their site and it was even worse... Such a cheap put together site with not many working buttons, links that took you nowhere, and the "Contact" Us" section was extremely vague  with only a small section for you to fill out a form to send them. No actual address, names, numbers or anything.. After many Mystery Shop sales it became suddenly clear to me that this was a trap. I email this "David Patel" back asking him for more details and stating that this may be a trap and he has yet to get back to me... Even though he was so angry that I became an "employee" for them.. Apparently it's common for these people to send fake checks to you, then you cash them, buy gift cards for them.. The check goes so the bank wants YOUR money and the gift cards you bought for "work" are stolen by your "employer"... - "David Patel", Hon. Be warned! Please. Don't be easily killed! Easy things to notice are spelling mistakes, grammar issues, etc. Clearly their first language isn't English and with them trying to tell me they're Italian is impossible. Even digging more into Google on their so called website I can see that their IP addresses are based out of the US, yet they claim they're based with only one head office in Quebec... As if.
So I was searching for customer service representative jobs online(Indeed) and seen their post. When I click on the link I was routed to Ziprecrueter. I submitted my email and they sent me and email. Hello K, This is Supervisor of HR Department of Delivery Market LLC. Thank you for your reply and interest in working with us. We also re delighted to offer you the employment for the position of Service Manager with our company. I want to give you more idea regarding the position that you have applied for. Please look up this summary of terms and conditions for your anticipated employment with us. I have to attached a couple of files in this letter regards to the position. Please find the Job description PDF file and get introduced to the terms and conditions of your employment. You will find the Application Form attached here as well. You will need to fill the forms in case if you agree with all terms. Just print it out, fill it, scan the signed packages (or take a picture) and send me back. Please note that in case if you will send the picture of the forms the quality of the image need to be the best. Once we will receive the Application form you will set up for a phone interview with one of our top managers. K we would like to get your reply by the end of the day or tomorrow if it is possible. In case of any questions please feel free to contact me via email or What`sApp Messenger. What`sApp Messenger number is:  1-9405 Our friendly team is waiting to work with you! Finally, Martha Butler Supervisor of HR Department
Vinyl Wrapping if interested in getting paid $400.00 a week. Go to website and fill out an application. Clearly Canadian Beverages is who you will see for this is not true.
Job offer as Mystery Shopper came through Indeed.com. Offered $20.00/h plus commission. The first task was a study. Wanted to send an Internet Transfer to be used to make a deposit into a Bitcoin machine. Offer looked hesitant at first but this task had nothing to do with mystery shopping. They have a website which does not appear to be included in Google but no entry on the web. Also no registration with any registry of Joint Stocks. Checking with our bank it looked like an electronic version of a mail check fraud or possible money management scheme. Physical address in the contract provided in farsight was an empty field.
I applied for several part time jobs online and received an email from one group(collection agency), saying that they are interested to offer me a position i just have to choose from 3: manager, assistant controller, finance clerk. all of them have full time and part time options. Salary is pretty good for all of the positions offered. Someone called asking me some question, like a phone interview. Then they sent me some documents to fill out, agreement for training, job description and my deposit pay information. After that one representative contacted me via text and on Facebook saying that its a great career opportunity for me and that im going to be helping with setting up their new office in the area where i live. I also can work part time from home or full time from the office and the main part as per their company secret they accept back payments from customers so i will require some kind of training on that. They never answered any of my questions. the only thing they told me that i need to do training and set up my personal account on their platform so i could start the training. After i asked some questions about their company, and received some generic answers, which seemed  not real. The website looks like the website for another existing collection agency.
    This is an offer of employment as Remote Executive Manager at MechLab Solutions INC. Should you accept this job offer  per company policy you'll be eligible to receive the following beginning on your hire date.        Full-Time Hours: 9 a.m.  and  5 p.m. (fixed working hours)      Part-Time Hours: 20 hours per week (flexible working hours)      Trial period: 10 business days.        Job duties:      The Company serves the Employee in the capacity of Remote Executive Manager.      Duties:      1. Communicate with customers       2. Create and mail correspondence to clients, clients, and service providers       3. Prepare, scan and load all files into our system       4. Create and mail correspondence to clients, clients, and service providers       5. Using Bitcoin during your work for purchase domain names, hosting, and database for customers.      The Employee's duties may be reasonably modified at the Company's discretion from time to time.    Salary base:    The Company shall pay Employee a Full-Time salary of 1340 USD/week, for the services of    the Employee, available at regular every Friday at 6 pm.      The Company shall pay Employee a Part-Time salary of 670c/week, for the services of   the Employee, available at regular every Friday at 6 pm.    Benefits:   ? Full Training   ? Health and Dental Insurance   ? 25 days of holiday, plus bank holidays and your birthday off each year   ? Growing opportunities   ? Flexible Working-hours   ? Brandation for work with internet access (iPhone or Android   device) You will receive a monthly premium for high-quality work   ment of Expenses:    The Employee may cover reasonable expenses for running the Company's business, including expenses for entertainment, travel, and similar items. The Company shall charge Employee for all business expenses after the Employee presents an informed account of expenditure, relevant to Company policy.    Disability:    In the event that the Employee cannot perform the duties because of illness or disability for a   period of more than 1 week, the compensation otherwise due during said illness or disability will   be reduced by 50% percent. The Employee's full compensation will be reinstated upon return to   work. However, if the Employee is absent from work for any reason for a continuous period of   over 1 month, the Company may terminate the Employee's employment, and the Company's   obligations under this agreement will cease on that date.    Assistance in Litigation:    Employee shall upon reasonable notice, bring such information and proper assistance to the   Company as it may reasonably require in connection with any litigation in which it is, or may   become, a party either during or after employment.    Settlement by Arbitration:    Any claims or disputes arising or related to this Agreement, or the breach of it, shall be settled by   arbitration in accordance with the rules of Canada Court of Arbitration. The   decision rendered may be entered in any court with jurisdiction.    Severability:    If, for any reason, any provision of this agreement is held invalid, all other provisions of this   agreement shall remain in effect. If this agreement is held invalid or cannot be enforced, then to   the full extent permitted by law any prior agreement between the Company (or any predecessor   thereof) and the Employee shall be deemed reinstated as if this agreement had not been   executed.    Assumption of Agreement by Company's Successors and Trustees:    The Company's rights and obligations under this agreement will be to the benefit and be   binding upon the Company's successors and employees.    Oral Modifications Not Binding:    This instrument is the entire agreement of the Company and the Employee. Oral changes have no   effect. It may be altered only by a written agreement signed by the party against whom   enforcement of any change, change, modification, extension, or discharge is sought.    Confidentiality of Proprietary Information:    Employee agrees, during or after the term of this employment, not to reveal confidential  i  bid, or trade secrets to any person, firm, corporation, or entity. Should Employee reveal   or threaten to reveal this information, the Company shall be entitled to an injunction stopping   the Employee from doing same, or from rendering any services to any entity to whom said  i It has been or is threatened to be disclosed, the right to secure an injunction is not   exclusive, and the Company may pursue any other claims it has against the Employee for a   breach or threatened breach of this condition, including the recovery of damages from the   Employee.    Termination of Agreement:    Without cause, the Company may terminate this agreement at any time upon 5 days' written   notice to the Employee. If the Company requests, the Employee will continue to perform duties   and may be paid regular salary up to the date of termination. In addition, the Employee shall not   receive an allowance     Without cause, the Employee may terminate employment upon 7 days' written notice to the   Company. Employee may be required to perform  his/her  duties and will be paid the regular   salary to date of termination but shall not receive extra allowance.    Personal information:    Your personal information will only be located in our company database and will not be available   for any third parties or people.    Start date: / / FULL-TIME PART-TIME    You acknowledge that this offer letter represents the entire agreement between you and MechLab Solutions INC. and that no verbal or written agreements, promises or representations that are not specifically stated in this offer, are or will be binding upon MechLab Solutions INC.    If you are in agreement with the above outline, please sign below. This offer is in effect for five business days.          
hello BBB, I would like you to investigate this company. I received a job offer and was asked to sign and date the offer with my name,Phone#, address and once I did.I realized that the website address and the job offer address is not correct. The job description also said to send banking info and document as per below. It looks to him. when I asked if I will be paid for training she said it depends on how many order i completed and her answer was not clear. The body of the email says as per below. "Congratulations! Now you can start the probation period for the Online Service Manager position. We have chosen you from a large number of candidates for this position, and we hope that you will not join us. You should check your email constantly during the day and respond quickly to my email messages! Also keep your mobile phone available for a call from us at any time. Now you need to prepare for the successful performance of your work. 1. We will create a personal digital wallet for you. You will have to process payments for goods and services for our partners and customers. We will provide you with corporate money for your own wallet. After that you will work with this wallet (It will be your personal business wallet). 2. To get started with Bitcoin, you will need to top-up your wallet. We will transfer money to you via the card system. For this we need to know your information: Holder Name: Bank Name: Your email address for that system: IMPORTANT Scan or take a picture of any document, that proves your identity (for example, ID). This is required by our security service to avoid fraud. After receiving the electronic transfer, you will need to buy this and top-up this wallet. Our accountant will send you transactions via that system to buy tickets. Have you ever used an electronic transaction (email)? Do you have online banking? Once you got your own wallet full, you will receive the first order from the customer. We will contact our partners from whom you will buy goods at a lower price. This is necessary for customers, so use only the services of our partners for a lower price. Your responsibility will be to: - Contact the client  - Obtain an order from the client  - Analyze the order  - Find the most successful way of delivery  - Contact the seller (our partner)  - Organize the purchase of necessary goods and services  - Inform the customer of the order price. 3. Then you must pay for  customers order using cans (only). Also you need to know the time of delivery. After that you will contact the customer and give him all the details on his order. (Including delivery time in the client's region). You must perform all the necessary tasks for the client. You must find an individual approach to each client. You must maintain a good relationship with the client. (Even after all orders have been fulfilled). You must offer the client new products and services of our Partners. In other words, your position requires you to do everything in your power to keep the customer happy. In the future, he will work with us and recommend our company to others. Services and goods that you will buy for customers: - Broker services  - Consulting on financial services  - Property solutions  - Trading services  - Exchange services  - Rating services. You need to understand the client and find out his preferences and capabilities. You can get detailed information about the client using our database. - History of his orders - Records of business telephone conversations, conferences, etc. - Direct feedback - if you ask them, customers will usually tell you what they want. - Reports about possible new products or services. - Reviews of your customers about what they are buying from other companies. - Changes in the goods and services that your competitors sell. - Feedback and recommendations from other, non-competitive suppliers. Initially, this may seem difficult, and sometimes it will not be clear to you. Do not worry. I will help you within 2 weeks. I will give detailed instructions step by step. So, after the second week, you can learn this profession if you work hard. You must answer all questions in this letter and provide the necessary information. If you have questions, don't hesitate to ask me. I will answer immediately. After receiving the necessary information, the operator of our call center will call you and tell you all the details to start work. Best Regards, Dave Jones Hiring Manager oliviafanson@dnsstaffing.ca DNS and  and  Solutions : Phone: +1 (647) 691-6529 Our Website www.dnsstaffing.ca" When I ask why she would need my account info she didn't give me clear information. If you check the website the address stated and on the job offer is not the same. I feel like it is a dream. I never been asked personal information like bank info and document to work. Please investigate this company.
I applied using Indeed.ca and was contacted by the "Company" work department telling me that they were looking over my resume to see if I would be a good fit for the job. I was then contacted by him again with an employment contract. The contract stated my pay, that I would be working from home, and that I would be creating opportunities for students to travel from all over the world to Canada. I was then told to use Telegram in order to communicate with my "boss" and Harris. I received my first assignment which told me to create a presentation about my home town or province and to include activities to take part in. The second assignment had me find hotels that would be in a lower price range for visiting students and finally my last assignment had me find International University Student opportunities. During the two weeks I had worked for the company I was contacted by my employer and told that I needed to make payments to a Hostel in Halifax by using a BitCoin machine. The money was transferred to me then I was asked to put the money in the BitCoin machine and send photos of the events. I was asked to do this 5 times in the span of 3 days. During this period I was told to track my hours as they would calculate the hours at the end of a two week period and then I would get paid. I never received any money and a few days before the "attack" I was cut off of all communication from my boss and I have not heard anything since. I am not the only one to go through this, I have been in contact with two others who fell for the job opportunity. The contract seemed very real and legitimate and it is a regret taking this job.
Task Express Position: Package Handler Website: http://taskexpresscourier.com/career Phone:  +1 (916) 587-1662 Fill in Job Application at our website to Apply: http://taskexpresscourier.com/career Package Manager's responsibilities include: Receiving, processing, and sending of small parts / Processing business correspondence. Log in to your personal account in the file system several times a day, reviewing open tasks  Receive orders, process them according to instructions, check for damage and forward to the relevant recipient, informing the client and other team members via the web about the completed actions  Receive payment, plus notes, for all processed and sent orders, and additional business correspondence. Requirements for a new employee include: 18 years of age / Access to a printer and telephone / No criminal record (verified by a background check). We offer / Payment: Flexible schedule / Rapid progress up the career ladder / Gain experience in e-commerce / Base Salary: A stable payment of $3000 monthly. Any method of payment preferred. Immediate prices for pick up packages of $30 per a pick up. F.A.Q. Do I have to pay for anything? No, you don't - as the company provides funds to carry out the work after probation period. And during the first month all you need is a computer, printer, any good-quality camera and the tape. Do I need a bank account? No, you don't - you can choose any method of payment such as check, western union, cash or bank transfer. Where do packages and mail come from? Packages and mail come from different online shops, where customers get their products from and we provide a shipping service to different countries in order to help the goods get to their destination. What should I do with papers and business correspondence? Once you receive letters and business correspondence you have to contact your manager to get further instructions then forward on. All expenses related to the delivery and shipment are paid by our company. What happens if I'm not at home when the parcel is going to be delivered? In this case you have to make sure to get any of your friends, relatives or neighbors to receive packages for you while you are away. In the case that nobody is there, the parcel service will carry out a repeat delivery, or you can pick up the parcel at your nearest post office. When do I get paid? For the first month you will receive the first payment in 30 days after you ship out your first package. After your first month probation period we will start paying you weekly. How do I get paid? Our company works with a large number of payment systems - such as PayPal and Bitcoin etc. Just choose the preferred method and discuss it with your manager. How do I get started? Fill out the form by clicking on the link below and a manager of our company will contact you at the specified time for an interview.
I was contacted by this business that I applied to on indeed saying they would like to hire me for an Ottawa office that was to be opened in March. It was a company helping foreign exchange students plan and set up trips to Ottawa, and for now before the Ottawa office was opened I would be completing assignments for them like presentations on Ottawa tourists attractions and attractions. I started with them year 11 and started working on my first assignment, putting in many hours and once my presentation was handed in they praised me for how great it was!... I started working on my second assignment and then they asked if I would go and pay for hotel reservations for a group coming into town shortly, they sent me the money and I paid for what I thought were hotel reservations! Apparently I just need money for them! I don't understand how people can live with themselves doing this to other people!!! So now I have no job I thought I did I've stole money from some poor innocent person, spent 50 hours of my time working on presentations that were fake and I will never be paid for my time or work!??
Offered a job through Post Job Free -   to work from home. Signed job offer and received fake check to buy equipment, was told to pick up cash and deposit at the bank under new account, was told the next day my equipment will be delivered by FedEx which never happened. Also to say i lost $2000 of my hard earned money, please look after yourself and donot do what i did. All thing is under police investigation
Basically I  received an email from a company I have never applied for saying the following: "Our Human Resource bureau reviewed your request on Indeed and we are pleased to offer you a position of Customer Service Support - Quality Control Specialist. I'm taking the Application Form and Job Description. I ask you to fill it out as a part of our selection procedure. Please review the Job Description enclosed for more details about vacancy. Thanks for applying for the job to our company" The forms ask for a lot of information and some references that it was really suspicious for me. I searched on Internet the "company", but I couldn't find anything, then I just thought that it was an ad and I found another case from the same company in this web page.  I didn't reply their email, so I didn't provide any kind of information in order to know what was their objective.
They contacted me through email saying they accessed my profile through Indeed. They seemed fairly polite at first, but only contacted me through email. They first sent contracts to be signed and a start date along with a 10 day trial period. The last email they send requires you to fill out a document requiring your bank information. What they intend on you doing is them transferring you money through it, and then you transferring it back to them. I've heard that in the past someone will transfer you money, and after 3 days it does, but by then you have already transferred them money. Only I did not do that!
Wish I read an article on him seeing as all red flags are there.(Great article) Was told resume was found on indeed. Did a very short phone interview and received a job offer on Friday Feb 1st to start on Monday Feb 4th. I accepted. I asked for tax forms on one the 4th and was told I would receive them this week. Also their website is very low quality (it can't be created, etc). Suspicion aroused but it was a job. For payment information I provided an email and opted for cash payments. no bank info was provided. On May 12th May, I received an emergency call followed by correspondence saying one of their employees got in a car accident and I was needed to help complete a payment. The lady over the phone said I had to make a payment at a Calgary hotel for a reservation that had not been paid for. $3000 was sent to me via text which I deposited into my account. Address I received led me to a little bar at signal hill. At this point I had no more doubts and was sure it was a trap as there are warnings all over a machine. (Thanks City Police) Went straight back to the bank to report incident deposit funds into my account. I imagine the roles will be reversed soon.
Dear Renee, I am happy to be writing you on behalf of the Vyusti Corporation professional team. My name is Teresa Miletti. I am work as an Manager with Vyusti Corporation. I received your CV from our HR Department and have reviewed it thoroughly. I am happy to inform you that you meet all of our requirements and would fit perfectly with our team. At the moment, our company is looking for dynamic and result-oriented associates to take on the roles (please refer to attachment Job positions to find out more detailed information about these positions). Vyusti Corporation is currently expanding its operations across the Canada. We are looking for employees living in your area who would be able to help us for our fast-growing customer base. Experience is not the major determining factor that we take into account. We are looking rather for people who want to gain new experience, business insight and qualifications. We set the pace for the consulting market, and our services are always in high demand on the labor market. Our company offers great opportunities for career growth and salary increases. Our offices are located: Toronto, Mississauga, Ottawa, Ajax, Markham, Richmond Hill, Newmarket, Vaughan, North York, Caledon, Brampton, Oakville, Milton, Ottawa, Barrie, Hamilton, Kingston, Kitchener, Waterloo, Cambridge, London, Sarnia, Sudbury, Calgary, Edmonton, Montreal et al, Quebec City, Laval, Vancouver, Victoria, Surrey, Burnaby, Richmond, Winnipeg, Regina, Also we have representative offices in other cities. Now I would like to ask you a couple additional questions: 1. How do you feel about working in a team? 2. What do you need to feel comfortable at work? 3. What position are you most interested in (see attachment Job position)? 4. Why are you the best candidate for the respective position? 5. What are your best personal qualities? 6. When would you be ready to start working? Please provide brief answers to these questions in your reply letter as soon as you have the chance. Otherwise, we will have to move on to other candidates. Please NOTE: - If you think this is a message we sent you by mistake, or you're not looking for a job, reply me with the subject "sorry", I will erase your email from the waiting list. - You don't need to relocate! This position will be based is in your area. - Your application is already approved and you are hired, there are still a few procedures to go through. Our team looks forward to working with you and I hope you have a great day. Actress, Manager Teresa Miletti. Vyusti Corporation. Head office phone number-5331 Head office address: 350 West Road West # 1208 Toronto #. Company website: vyusticorp.com
After signing the contract, instructions according to  Judge Monica Savardi  were to create an e transaction using it with the promise of employment during a given probation period. BRS is a noun.  Shah  man  man  and  and  and  and  also  also  also  also  also  and  and  and  and  and  and  at BRS Staffing  and  Solutions :.  It See you. We have received your reply to our vacancy posted on Indeed. Unfortunately, all of the positions are filled out for today. But we would like to offer you a vacancy of Online Service Manager which is very important for us concerning the future extension of our company. To take the position of Online Service Manager, no preliminary experience or qualifications are required. All new employees receive free training with an opportunity to trial the position first. If this position is interesting for you then please fill out the Application form. Application form you may find here:. p www.brsstaffing.ca/?p=aplform2 We have attached the Position description to this email. Please don't hesitate to contact us in case you have any questions. Best regards, Manager Monica Savard
I'm not 100% the validity of the offer by this company.  They are offering full time employment solely based on the resume they found on paper.  The position is Online Service Manager at Infowyse Business Solutions.  They are offering $1200/week full time, or $650/week part time.  They are asking me for my bank account information so that for the one week trial period I am using my own account for transactions but not necessarily my own money.  Then after that I they would allow me access to the company account.  I am questioning the use of my own account and whether or not this is actually a job offer.
providing fake information for taking money of people who wants to live and work in another country or find job mostly in Canada and USA. even posting job offer in another job. taking money with western union or money gram by the name: BUDGET DIRECTOR WESTERN UNION PAYMENT  DETAILS FULL NAMES....... AND LAWRENCE NDZO HEAD OFFICE AND COUNTRY...... THE CITY..................... ZIPY CODE................... 00237 Once the payment is done send me a picture of the payment list as it will be attached to your documents and needed to confirm your payment.
They contacted me via a job posting on Indeed that I had apparently applied for. They offered me a sweet position, with great pay and benefits. They then gave me a probation period which was to last 10 days. On each day I was to be assigned a single task, for which I would be paid $100 CAD. They would pay me after every two tasks. The tasks were to accept e-transfers from their "client", immediately withdraw the funds from my bank account, and deposit them into the nearest ticket machine in my area. They attempted to steal $2500 from me.
They wanted me to be a consulting for them. I teach people to trade. They paid me for that. I took it to my bank and was waiting for it to clear. the bank came back and said the check was a fake and was not even attached to a account. During the process they stayed in contact with me. trying to offer me a contract to collect past due payments in which I would receive a percentage through my business. I don't know if its multiple people involved but they were at a conference and they used their suppose bosses names to send emails. I tried one out.They are using the name Coda Masaru from Euro-net Group and Walton Altair of Altair Investments. They have websites up. I did not see any records on any of them and I have searched online and did not see anything either. This check turned out fake also. I guess they are trying to get others to collect through their business and send them money back. They using 2 sites https://euronet-group.com/ http://altairinvestment.com/
Company has other'versions' of their show at "Abovemark" in Australia  https://abovebenchmark.com.au/, and "Honest Review" in Western Canada, to my knowledge  http://www.honestreviewservice.com/. Looks like the Honest Review website has been shut down. The 'company' claims to be a mystery shopping business, and they have a great-sounding pay rate, with benefits, etc. They have no address listed in Quebec, and all three versions of the show that I know of have the same founding woman and founding story on their website. They called me directly, stating that they found my resume on a job search site that I do use, and after a very personal phone interview, sent me a contract and tax forms to print, sign, and email back. The cumulative phone and email contact I had was with just a single woman, from what I could tell.
We have 3 open candidates for the position "ONLINE SERVICE MANAGER". So, we are looking for new employees who wish to work with us. We are specialized in providing IT resources, expertise and talent to our customers in a safe and cost cost-effective manner. You can research more information about our company on website below: dinotechinc.com Interview: You will get the interview at the office as soon as you pass probation period or you can get interview through a video-conference on campus. Requirements: 1. Neat appearance, good communication skills  2. Stress resistance, ability to find easy solutions to difficult problems  3. Organizational skills that will help successfully plan the day  4. Knowledge of the Web and basic knowledge at using Microsoft Office(Word and Excel)  5. Must be willing to work extra hours when there are operational needs. 6. Be responsible, to do the task in exact dates. Duties: 1. Market monitoring  2. Realization of customer orders  3. Collect information about the client  4. Personnel handling (search for qualified staff)  5. Incoming outgoing calls, $  5. Work with Word, help (make reports). Benefits: 1. Full Training  2. Health and Dental Insurance  3. 25 days of holiday, plus bank holidays and your birthday off each year  4. Growing opportunities  5. Flexible Working-hours  6. Brandation for work with internet access (iPhone or Android device) You will receive a monthly premium for high-quality work. Salary base: The Company shall pay Employee a Full-Time salary of 1340$/week, for the services of the Employee, available at regular every Friday at 6 pm. The Company shall pay Employee a Part-Time salary of 670$/week, for the services of the Employee, available at regular every Friday at 6 pm. Schedule: 1. W?r?ing days: Monday - Friday 2.1 Working hours (full time position): 9 AM - 5 PM. 2.2 If you choose position of Part Time, you need to work at least 4 hours a day, it is possible to start the morning. I am your personal manager. Do not hesitate to contact me for any questions. Hope to hear from you soon. I signed a labor agreement with this company. Selecting part time work. Then realized that their physical address was listed as a Canadian Tire store and the phone number listed on the website was out of service!
Prica Global Enterprises Inc. has been informed and is aware that an individual or individuals are falsely using Prica Global Enterprises Inc. company logo off of Prica Global Enterprises Inc.'s website for fake offer letters of employment. These letters of employment are usually from an individual called "Frank Leemon, Director, Human Resources" and they are requesting funds for a placement fee and also indicate to the person receiving the offer that they will be assigned a dollar value on each payment to pay back sponsorship. Prica Global Enterprises Inc. does not request funds from any potential new employee of any kind on offers of employment, nor has Prica Global Enterprises Inc. ever employed an individual called "Frank Leeon". Do not pay any money to the individual paying you. Prica Global Enterprises Inc. has reported the use of our logo and fake offers of employment to the Canadian Anti-Fraud Service for further investigation.
I first received contact from an email address telling me that they came across my resume on indeed and that they think I would be a good fit for a position they had open. I'm looking for work so I expressed my interest. I then received an email from Oscar Elliot, telling me that I was selected for a screening process and a chance to apply to the operations manager position they have available. They sent me the position information, including a high hourly pay rate and flexible hours. They then ask you to fill out an application and send it back where they accept your application right away. They then instructed me to download the email app  to or ready  for communication. Once you message them in there, they tell you that they are setting up a 7-10 minute phone interview and coordinate it with you. The interview consisted of about 2 questions, my availability, and my strongest business asset and then telling me that I will be starting in a transitional period which will require me to use my own bank account to process payment from customers before sending it back to the company. I questioned them on this and they said they would never ask me to use my own funds for any transactions. After the quick phone  line interview.  I was immediately received on board by Oscar letting me know that I was selected and to choose which shift I wanted. (I stayed in the interview that I was unavailable to work for 2 weeks because I would have to give my current employer notice.) I read over the labour agreement and there were some minor sections that I questioned them about, like a section that stated  but the employer is entitled to derive from the employees compensation, or from any other compensation, in whatever form, any applicable duties and penalties as required by lawful. When asked about this, Oscar stated that they would only get pay if you disappear. Which I found strange because that makes it seem like a lot of their employees  do disappear too. I then became increasingly curious about the legitimacy of this so I did some digging and it was hard to find, but I found a forum warning people about the oil company from out there and their methods. A lot of it seems to be to either make money or use employees as buyers for goods bought with stolen credit cards. I reached the end of the thread where G-Transzone logistics was mentioned by name as a name and felt it was my duty to report. I did not accept the position as there were far too many red flags and hope that this report discouraged others from accepting this position, as tempting as it looks.
Hello Applicant, yes! My name is Melissa Wilson I am Hiring Manager at Business Solutions Ltd. We found your CV from the main job website. We are looking for responsible and reliable people to expand our personnel in Canada. At this moment we have an open position of Executive Manager (remote position). Employment:  bull  Working hours: Full time (9 AM  and  5 PM)/Part time (4-5 hours/per day).  bull  Working days: From Monday to Friday.  bull  Salary: Full-time: 1400 USD/week  Part-time: 7000/week. Qualifications: Living in Canada. Communication skills. Resource Centre. Ability to communicate effectively. Organizational skills that will help to plan the day successfully. Knowledge of the world and basic knowledge of Microsoft Office. If you are interested in this position and you are ready to become a successful manager with the opportunity for career growth together with Career Solutions, please reply this mail and we will begin your employment. If you are not interested, please let us know also, and we will not bother you again. Thank you! To ensure delivery of this email please add hr@purplexltd.com to your Address Book or Safe List (WHITE LIST). Melissa Wilson Hiring Manager for Solutions LLC.
Email sent to me a Remote executive Manager position. 1340 a week Full-Time 670 a week part time. When asked to have a full interview over phone or I said I'd even drive to Toronto to meet the company there was no reply and this gave has an alias I assume said you can handle it here's the 10 day contract.!!!!
Contacted by Brian Switzer and given a telephone interview for a full or part-time, work from home remote data entry position for $20/hour. Red flags. He asked for references. He asked typing and data entry speed but didn't test for it. He was hard to understand. When I asked him questions he kept telling me to refer to the website for information. He explained that there is a two week training period of $16/. and I would be given the equipment (laptop, printer) in order to do the work. Two days later I was offered the job. I was told I would be assigned a supervisor. I asked where I should go for my training and he indicated there wasn't a place where I would be trained. I asked how I would be trained then and he didn't answer. He didn't ask if I accept the offer, he just told me to sign the attached document he sent in an email. The email asks for bank account information ( a scan of a black paper card ) and a scan of my government pictured ID. There is no mention of a supervisor and no further information on the job itself. Through further research, I found a site that looked good and a site that seemed to try to mirror the Detroit site but with some inconsistencies - the Toronto branch had a Detroit MI phone number as it's contact number. When called, the caller is directed to leave a message without any indication of the company called, where the right looking website has a 1-888 # and when calling that number, the automated greeting clearly stated the company name and offered several options for calling people within the organization. I called Brian Switzer's phone number by mistake thinking I was calling the guy back, he answered "Hello" rather than answering the call by identifying who he is and identifying the company name. The contract was made with writing errors, spelling, and grammar errors. I really felt that if I gave my banking information, I would be fired so I declined the offer and didn't sign any documents. I really didn't feel that I would be meeting with a supervisor and be given computer equipment to do any data entry work. I felt that once I gave that bank information, he would run with it.
I was contacted via email and was told my information was obtained through the employment website Indeed.ca, that I recently was searching for part time jobs on. I was offered a position and was sent a probation ten day contract to fill out (Name, address, phone number, name, email, shifts available to work) and send back and was then given a phone interview. I was asked to post a job to indeed as my first task, and could not verify the information they asked me to post. Thereafter, I received an email from indeed of my employer status to post jobs being disabled. The following day for my second task I was asked for my bank, account holder, email, and cash withdrawal limit. I was told a client of theirs would send me an email transfer to buy books to post on paid websites. I told them they have my email and it's unnecessary to provide the rest. I did not provide any other information and felt like it was a trap. After carefully checking the website closer I noticed little difference in the form of spelling, the address they provided online I believe was commercially not available yet. Not sure I'm in Mississauga and their head office is supposedly in Vancouver. And I was told they have another office opening in Mississauga in two weeks, however, I could not verify if the office was actually there and their digital support was very limited.
They contacted me through Indeed. They seemed fairly polite at first, but only contacted me through email. They first sent contracts to be signed and a start date along with a 10 day trial period. The last email they send requires you to fill out a document requiring your bank information. What they intend on you doing is them transferring you money through it, and then you transferring it back to them. I've heard that in the past someone will transfer you money, and after 3 days it does, but by then you have already transferred them money. Only I did not do that!
Offer employment. However, without any experience evaluation, they were asking for their transfer.
She offered work from home, earning$ weekly depending on whether you want to work part-time or full-time. But they want you to go through a "trial period" of 10 business days of work BEFORE you are considered for an interview and for you to being the trial they want you to sign a contract with your name, address, phone number, and signature.
The company claims to be seeking new talent so holds auditions. When you you re asked to come back they demand a fee of $50 US claiming it is s for an opportunity to be in front of talent agents etc but the company itself ARE NOT talent agents. Law states that no agent can receive payment until the talent is covered by work which is usually a 10% commission.
This is a : No interview, no calling my references or anything and they wanted my personal banking information. I filled out an application and then next thing I know they said I got a job with them. Also, when I asked for more details about the job they weren't being specific...., and  and  Solutions Inc is a forward thinking company providing a range of technology portfolio services. Clients approach us because we have specialised knowledge in IT leadership and ongoing technical support. We work with different objections from evaluating and improving existing infrastructure, to increasing information flow and reducing overhead by ensuring IT maintenance and support, taking advantage of the Internet-based technologies which are transforming the way we all do business. My name is Michelle Preston am a Human Resource Manager at BPM and  and  Solutions Inc We found your resume on the website: Indeed.ca Currently we have an open position of an Online Service Manager and we are looking for responsible and reliable people to expand our personnel in Canada. Employment: Full or Part Time Working hours: 40 hours/week or 20 hours/week Salary: $ 1300 (CAD) or $ 690 (CAD) weekly -Living in Canada. -Communication skills, ability to work in team. ability to communicate effectively. Communication and time management skills. -Basic knowledge of Microsoft Office. If you are interested in this position and you are ready to become a part of our team with the opportunity for career growth together with BPM and  and  Solutions and please reply this email directly and we will begin your employment. If you are not interested, please let us know also, and we will not bother you again. Team Manager Michelle Preston Phone: +1 (647) 699-3338 BPM Phone  :  Solutions On Our Website https://bpmstaffing.ca/ Congratulations! Now you can start the probation period for the Online Service Manager position. We have chosen you from a large number of candidates for this position, and we hope that you will not join us. You should check your email constantly during the day and respond quickly to my email messages! Also keep your mobile phone available for a call from us at any time. Now you need to prepare for the successful performance of your work. 1. We will create a personal digital wallet for you. You will have to process payments for goods and services for our partners and customers. We will provide you with corporate money for your own wallet. After that you will work with this wallet (It will be your personal business wallet). 2. To get started with Bitcoin, you will need to top-up your wallet. We will transfer money to you via the card system. For this we need to know your information: Holder Name: Bank Name: Your email address for that system: After receiving the electronic transfer, you will need to buy this and top-up this wallet. Our accountant will send you transactions via that system to buy tickets. Have you ever used an electronic transaction (email)? Do you have online banking? Once you got your own wallet full, you will receive the first order from the customer. We will contact our partners from whom you will buy goods at a lower price. This is necessary for customers, so use only the services of our partners for a lower price. Your responsibility will be to: - Contact the client  - Obtain an order from the client  - Analyze the order  - Find the most successful way of delivery  - Contact the seller (our partner)  - Organize the purchase of necessary goods and services  - Inform the customer of the order price. 3. Then you must pay for  customers order using cans (only). Also you need to know the time of delivery. After that you will contact the customer and give him all the details on his order. (Including delivery time in the client's region). You must perform all the necessary tasks for the client. You must find an individual approach to each client. You must maintain a good relationship with the client. (Even after all orders have been fulfilled). You must offer the client new products and services of our Partners. In other words, your position requires you to do everything in your power to keep the customer happy. In the future, he will work with us and recommend our company to others. Services and goods that you will buy for customers: - Broker services  - Consulting on financial services  - Property solutions  - Trading services  - Exchange services  - Rating services. You need to understand the client and find out his preferences and capabilities. You can get detailed information about the client using our database. - History of his orders - Records of business telephone conversations, conferences, etc. - Direct feedback - if you ask them, customers will usually tell you what they want. - Reports about possible new products or services. - Reviews of your customers about what they are buying from other companies. - Changes in the goods and services that your competitors sell. - Feedback and recommendations from other, non-competitive suppliers. Initially, this may seem difficult, and sometimes it will not be clear to you. Do not worry. I will help you within 2 weeks. I will give detailed instructions step by step. So, after the second week, you can learn this profession if you work hard. You must answer all questions in this letter and provide the necessary information. If you have questions, don't hesitate to ask me. I will answer immediately. After receiving the necessary information, the operator of our call center will call you and tell you all the details to start work.
They were very nice and looked very official until I started doing some digging and realized they don't exist anywhere else on the internet.
We have 3 open candidates for the position "ONLINE SERVICE MANAGER". So, we are looking for new employees who wish to work with us. We are specialized in providing IT resources, expertise and talent to our customers in a safe and cost cost-effective manner. You can research more information about our company on website below: dinotechinc.com Interview: You will get the interview at the office as soon as you pass probation period or you can get interview through a video-conference on campus. Requirements: 1. Neat appearance, good communication skills  2. Stress resistance, ability to find easy solutions to difficult problems  3. Organizational skills that will help successfully plan the day  4. Knowledge of the Web and basic knowledge at using Microsoft Office(Word and Excel)  5. Must be willing to work extra hours when there are operational needs. 6. Be responsible, to do the task in exact dates. Duties: 1. Market monitoring  2. Realization of customer orders  3. Collect information about the client  4. Personnel handling (search for qualified staff)  5. Incoming outgoing calls, $  5. Work with Word, help (make reports). Benefits: 1. Full Training  2. Health and Dental Insurance  3. 25 days of holiday, plus bank holidays and your birthday off each year  4. Growing opportunities  5. Flexible Working-hours  6. Brandation for work with internet access (iPhone or Android device) You will receive a monthly premium for high-quality work. Salary base: The Company shall pay Employee a Full-Time salary of 1340$/week, for the services of the Employee, available at regular every Friday at 6 pm. The Company shall pay Employee a Part-Time salary of 670$/week, for the services of the Employee, available at regular every Friday at 6 pm. Schedule: 1. W?r?ing days: Monday - Friday 2.1 Working hours (full time position): 9 AM - 5 PM. 2.2 If you choose position of Part Time, you need to work at least 4 hours a day, it is possible to start the morning. I am your personal manager. Do not hesitate to contact me for any questions. Hope to hear from you soon.
I am a student and try to look for a part-time job. I send some messages to potential employers through indeed. A few days later I got an email from someone who claims his name is John Owens, the Bank Manager of Canada reporters. In the email, he told me my application was accepted. in order to complete the selection procedure,  I need to check on the job description and f then fill out an application form with some personal information like name, address, available hours for work and also 3 letters from former employers or teachers from school. In the application form it also states that if it's a part-time job, an interview is not required. I thought those are reasonable request, and maybe they will call later for a phone interview. so I completed the form and reply to Mr. John Owens. Next day morning, I received a job offer from Mr. Owens. He asks me to provide the scan copy of my passport and driver license so they will arrange insurance coverage for me. I feel suspicious as I am not quite convinced that anyone could get a job without an interview. so I bought the company but I feel even more suspicious after doing it because below 3 reasons: 1. I can't find any tracks of the company except their own website canadareport.ca and another almost identical website canadianreportersltd.ca. 2. They claim they are news agency, but all articles are copied from Reuters but none of the articles indicates sources or authors/ reporters' name. 3. The phone number on canadareporter.ca is the same with'Managers'. I feel confused so I call Mr. Owens to ask their address and the relationship between Canada reporter and American reporter is. The reply from Mr. Owen is that, they are in Toronto but they are moving to my city so they don't have the local address right now. These 2 websites are under the same media group, but right now they are independent. When I try to ask more professional questions like their article source, Mr. Owen said he can't hear me because the phone signal is not very well, therefore he asks me to write him an email. However, I didn't get any reply since. I am lucky that I did some research before send out my passport and driver license copy, but I wish I could do something to prevent this happening to the next victim.
I was also saying that they had found me through Twitter. No details of the job were given. I started asking about the position  details and company information. they did not reply. After looking at you, I found this company doesn't exist. It's obviously a trap.
I was looking for a job online and someone sent me a message saying that the company she's working for is hiring and I should reply if I want any more details about it. So I came back without waiting because I'm desperately looking for a job. I asked her what position they're looking for, she told me she works from home and all duties are done remotely from home. The pay rate is $28-30 per hour and will also be paid $15/hour during the training session. The positions available are Data Entry and Customer Care and asked me which one I'm interested in. I told her I'm interested in Data Entry. She then proceeded to tell me that the job training is done online by the hiring manager and that I should add Miss Mary Williams (career.advisoryboard@gmail.com) on the pages and send the code "A" for the job listing and the interview. I didn't send the "hiring manager" right away because it was already late at the time and went to sleep. The next day I received an email from Mrs Van earlier. Here's her exact message to me: "Hello, how are you? I am Bethany Pirttima, the head of Recruiting services of Advisory Board Company. I got your email from an employee. Are you ready for the job training and interview?" I told her I am ready, she then proceeded to tell about about the job (exact same job description as what the first person who contacted me told me)."Alright, I am responsible for expanding the venture portfolio of the company and in charge of telling you about the job position you are yet to occupy and about the company.". TO HAVE YOU HERE These are the requirements for the Job... -National ID or Driver's License Card -Must be fluent in communication and English / If you are bilingual it's also a good advantage -Must  have a clear criminal charges -Must be at least above average -Must Have A Bank Account For compulsory Direct Deposit payments -Must be 18 years and above She then asked me a series of interview questions: (I've copied and edited all of these from our actual conversation to let people know how sophisticated this can have become making you think that it is real and legitimate.) -What are your full Names, age, Sex and where are you located? "Welcome to this online interview and before we proceed I will like to explain the meaning of an online interview. An online interview is an online research method in which participants are asked a series of questions, given description of the company and the job position aided by the use of computer-mediated communication tools such as instant messages, email, or video chat technology, but what we are doing now is the instant research method. I hope this is very well understood?" "The name of the company is Advisory board company and this is the Company's website (www.advisory.com ).Just follow the line and you can ask questions when i am through. Let me know when you have finished reading every line. You will be allowed to ask questions later.With each line just respond with an OK or YES...Okay?" "Advisory board company is a managed technology service provider of quality solutions that meet an individual's long-term healthcare needs and offers financial protection against future health crisis and expense. Advisory board company is dedicated to build long-term relationships with customers (board members, insurance companies and other entities which require managed technology  services) by creating access to high quality and affordable managed care services." "With an experience of more than two decades, Advisory board company is well positioned as the leading managed technology service organization, specializing in health risk management, in the region. Our services reach beyond mere provision of administrative support for technology products and are enhanced by product design, pricing support, medical risk evaluation, medical management, healthcare provider (network) management, claims management, training and consulting services.  As part of Munich Health - one of three business segments of Munich Re (Group) - we are also able to offer risk finance solutions starting from traditional insurance products to sophisticated financial insurance arrangements." "Benefits: Health, Dental, Life and AD and D Insurance, Employee Welfare and Life plans, Paid Time Off, Paid Phone bills off and Holidays with Generous Company Discounts.....That counts after working 90 days with the Company..Okay?" "Good! The next section of the interview is called question  and answer section. You are required to use  your own words structure in answering all  questions, also you're to end every answer  with (DONE),Letting me know so i can  proceed with my next question And Your quick response will be highly appreciated. Understood?"  bull Have you ever had any experience working from home or online before?  bull Are you currently employed?  bull Will you be able to devote 3 or 4 hours of your time or more to Our company?that is if you are given the chance to work with us?  bull What do you understand by privacy and code of conduct?  bull In your current or last position, what were your most significant accomplishments?  bull How hard working and productive will you be for our company when you start working with us?.Do you have an idea of how to use myc?.What do you understand by the term "Petty Cash".Give me 3 genuine and specific reasons why you should be hired by the company?. How do you see yourself fitting in as one of the company co-worker?  bull   Can you work under pressure?  bull   What means of Payment do you prefer, Check OR Direct Deposit?  bull  Do you have a printer, printer and scan machine  bull What do you understand by Disbursement and Reimbursements Of Funds?  bull  Do you have a credit card?  bull  What is the name of your banking institute to see if it agrees with the Company's Official Salary Paying Bank, (O.S.P.B)?  bull  Do you have a Good Credit history/What is your credit score?  bull  Have you had an online interview similar to this, previously?  bull Where do you see yourself five years from now? After these questions, she told me I got 7 out of 10, and that I got the job and told me what my duties are. "You will receive your duties online everyday and i will always be online to assist you with any difficulties. Your Primary duties include: Preparation of Balance sheets (Mini), account balancing, financial recording,proper data analysis of sales records and recording pay slips into accounting database. Secondary duties: Now, your secondary daily duties would be to report to your Supervisor, who would be attached to you online, He/She would assign logs of duty daily and you would be required to work according to instructions, using the Microsoft Office tools and the Accounting software. Your Employment offer letter would be given to you tomorrow morning! Okay? - I received an email the next day with employment letter, a form, and a Non-Compete Form for the company. Complete with logo and stamps. She also asked for a copy of my driver's license and any diploma I have. "To enable you sit for this job position, there are working equipment and software programs which are required for this job position.This is because you will be working from home and you will not be using any of your own equipment due to the new version of software's that is required for this job. This is because you will be working from home and you will not be using any of your own equipment due to the new version of software's that is required for this job. NOTE: All expenses are handled by the company. You will need to set up a mini-office at home, the following software programs and virtual machines are what you will be working with   :  BS 1 Accounting software. .  A business software software program.  OS  3.5 HD Upgrade,9.0,Microsoft Office XP 2019 Standard Upgrade.  A  - tree Premium Accounting Software.  A  Printer, Scanner and copy machine.  An  Automated time rate. - All is to be purchased from a tested and trusted local vendor that serves our employees working online from home, and you will be referred to the vendor to make purchase at the right time.I will give you a short report about the time frame and the rest will be explained to you as we proceed. You will be required to purchase all the items mentioned above to enable you get started with work, this will be regarded as the first task given to you, by the online shop and company's accounting department. NOTE: All Expenses are handled by the company. - Your training supervisor will call you in regards to your training.. Your working materials will be available next week, so your training supervisor will call you once your working Softwares are available. You will be using Google accounts for now and three days time, a link of the company's website will be given to you along with a name and password of the company's website and list of contact phone numbers to all departments will be given to you as well. So for now, all you need is your working Softwares to get started with your training." - I got connected with Mr Richard Bruno (Richard.01bruno@gmail.com), telling me that he's my supervisor and that I would have to report to him daily for my job duties and tasks to be carried out. He then sent me another interview questions which I answered. This is where the red flags started: - The company will get you a business credit card for your transactions with the Company NOTE: There might be a delay in the delivery of your credit card due to some technical issues FedEx has been causing and also the weather conditions is some states. The credit card is being shipped from the Company Head-quarters here - You will get your Business Credit card within 7-14 days being a Company certified Credit Card...We will be making use of your Credit card for now. And I don you t want you to be worried at all. The payment will be done from the Company account and none of it will be from your personal pocket. - The company will be making use of your credit card for now so you can get your working equipment as soon as possible and I don you t want you to be skeptical at all - Remove every bit of trust you have within you and trust me Okay - The company needs to register your credit card accounting information into the financial payment system security data base, also secure your account with the accounting security system, which is done online and to also enable the company track the movement of the company's funds, to avoid the situation of a candidate running away with the company's money. You are advice to take out any available funds you have in it, so you 'n't say the company tempered with your money or account. The transfer process is completed automatically after being secured into the accounting security and payment system.... - The payment won you t be from your personal funds Okay - The company will be making a payment into your credit card for now so you can purchase your working equipment today and you will be getting it by weekend. - Good i need you to provide me with a clear snap of front and back of your credit card with the online information So payment can be made into it and you will head down to the store for the purchase of your working equipment (note that they said I would need to purchase my own equipment to an actual store) They tried to put $5000 in my credit card but it wasn't working so they asked me for my credit card info which I simply gave without a thought. I did asked her why she needed my name and password when they could just transfer the money through my email and she snapped "Is there a problem?" They did manage to deposit money to my credit card account $1,550 and $1800 the next day. She then asked me to pay $750 to my credit card so it's available to be used for I don't know what, withdraw $800 from my credit card to send via phone to a Banjo Oreoluwa CITY: Newark STATE: New Jersey : CODE: 07112 and emphasized that i don't have to put any other information, and buy $1800 worth of steam gift cards all in $100 denominations. I told her I could only withdraw and send $500 because that's my limit on my card so i sent this person $500 ($600), she even got angry why it's only $366 so i told her that's the exchange rate. The next day I was asked to buy those steam gift cards and had to tell her again that i could only use $500 since it is my limit (per day but i didn't tell her that). She then insisted that there's no limit if I just swiped my card. I told her "Mrs Gray, card sales here in Canada has limits in case of cards being stolen or inadvertently used." So she just asked me to proceed with the $500. I was already on my way out to my bank but my gut just kept telling me that this is a game and thinking about it just screams shit and so many red flags so I did my research and found one on here that is very similar to my situation. I then remind her that I no longer want the job and that it is in my best interest to do so because it just screams SCAM. I also sent her a shot of the same scene on here. I also changed all my credit and credit card info after as well as called to change my card numbers. She then sent me this: "Let me be honest here with you There are so many lies out there and it has really made it difficult for people to know the difference between a new job offer and a pay offer The same companies are now using the exact same techniques of we the best company in hiring and its has really made it difficult I don you t know why you still skeptical about this." I replied: "I was on my way to the bank but then I questioned why I need to go buy those cards now when I'm still waiting for my working equipment? You said you're going to send them to me but why do I still need funds to buy it if you're sending them anyway? If you're a big company then shouldn't you have done all of the purchasing yourself and just install all the software needed in the computer and send them to me?Also when I sent the message there were so many restrictions you gave me and telling me to just lock the box like you're afraid to put any additional information at all. I'm a part time Public Security student and I'm being trained to know the red flags and where to look for them and this just screams it. If it does turn out to be a lie then shame on me for believing, if not then I will apologize and transfer you back the money that hasn't been used as well as the money taken for my loans.  I will contact you once I made sure my bank account is safe in 5-7 business days. Thank you and have a good day as Mary darling." And I never got a reply.
I received a telephone call from Johnny Z      stating I had expressed interest in making money online. (It is possible that I clicked on such a link, although I had no specific memory of doing so.)  She played a recording that briefly described         's purpose for obtaining "agents".  Then, a man named Michael F        came on the line and further explained their offer. I am an affiliate manager with 2 years experience.  I know quite a lot about how to sell online, what works and what doesn't work and what a legitimate offer looks and sounds like.  The           offer is a yes, in my opinion.  At the very least, it is filled with holes and some outright lies. As explained by Mr. F      , I could become an "agent" for the company and would not have to do any "selling" or spend any money on advertising.  All I would have to do is get leads for the company which, according to him, I could get via social media marketing for free or by talking with local businesses whenever I am out and about, and I would only need to spend 4 hours a week doing this to be successful. I would be surprised when the company closed a sale.  He said the company has 7 services they offer (I only found 6 on their website) and I would be paid 25% of each sale. My compensation for some sales would be $1000.  As other people became agents in my territory, they would be placed under me and I would receive some compensation on their sales. The compensation sounded like a two-tier affiliate plan as opposed to an MLM, so I mentioned this and he agreed.  I asked if my leads would be "lifetime" leads and he said they would. (This means that if my lead purchases anything else from the company in the future, I would receive a commission for these sales too.  Two-tier, lifetime affiliate compensation plans are fairly common and completely legitimate as far as I know.) Mr. F        said the cost for becoming an "agent" was $1500 which would give me a website, video training and conversations with other agents. Here are my complaints regarding this offer: 1.  The claim that I would not have to do any "selling" is false, and frankly, ridiculous. Obtaining leads is a sales function/activity, so it is in no way removed from "selling". 2.  The claim that I would not need to spend any money on advertising is equally false and ridiculous.  Free social media marketing alone would never produce the volume of leads that would be required for even just one sale.  Paid advertising plus free social media marketing is the only way to get enough leads because not every lead ends up making a purchase (just 10% would be a great rate, but even 10% is rare.) 3.  The claim that the website/training/conversations is worth $1500 is VERY misleading, in my opinion.  Since the activities required are essentially affiliate marketing, it is very easy to find effective training online, completely free.  I believe the company is not being honest and transparent by not identifying that this offer is essentially a simple two-tier affiliate marketing role. (Affiliate managers are NEVER asked to pay anything to the companies they work with....NEVER....if the company is actively looking for affiliate partners.) 4.  The claim that I would only need to work 4 hours a week is also ridiculous.  Even 4 hours a day might not be enough, and I have 2 years experience. He claimed that there were agents making $3,000 to $5,000 per month and only needing to spend a few hours a day at most.  This would be great, if it were true.  For sure, a person could never expect to make that kind of money from only a few hours a day of work and not spending any money on advertising. 5.  I am a Canadian, so I asked Mr. F        if the company sold their services to Canadians.  He claimed that there were other Russian "agents".  However, he had no knowledge of the different legal requirements for loans in Canada (one of their services is to help business owners get loans), and he seemed to think there were no significant differences between Canada and the US in this regard.  He was excited about the fact that I was the first one in Ontario, so I would end up having lots of agents under me in the compensation plan, and therefore more passive income.  But he refused to give me time to find out if sales of their services was even allowed in Canada. 6.  The sales tactics used by Mr. F        were extremely "hard-sell" as indicated above.  When I said I wanted to do some research first before making a decision, he could have arranged another conversation with me, but instead, the only way I could end the call was to hang up on him. He actually freely admitted that I either had to make a purchase today or hang up on him, in order to end the call. It was crystal clear that he had no interest in my inability to make an informed decision. For all of these reasons, I believe that the           new offer is a yes.  And it is no surprise to me that they are selling it by phone instead of online, where their program would more likely be identified as a fraud by many and not just me.  Even their website has no information about this offer.
I was contacted by this company over email, and they offered me the position to work from home, working up to full time once a office was opened in Hamilton. None of the emails are actually correct, or make much sense at all. They promise 25/hour and 30/hour once a 29 day probation period is up. It is a dream! SCAM SCAM SCAM! You will never receive this money, DO NOT sent this company any money or give them any personal information.
i was offered a job opportunity the posting said customer service representative.after i spoke to the computer he changed the name to "online assistant" transferred me $3000 CAN to deposit into my account than go to a local account bank and deposit money into there. he told me new location will be at 1200, suite 2500 - street. i called the office building and they said there is no such company located they are using the address illegally.
I received a message 1 day ago from the Human Ressources of this country telling me that they got my job application that I sent on Indeed website and they are looking forward for my answer. They never gave me any information about the country in general... Only the different advantages... That were by the way, too good to be true, and the difficult task. They said they have a main office in Calgary, and will open another one in Montreal In Canada. Later they sent me the agreement form. I tried to make research about the name and the phone number they gave me but I haven't found anything. I called later and a receptionnist answered. The way she was speaking to me was strange( it seemed like she did not know the meaning of she did not expect a call ). She gave me the website. And the website dosen't say much about their services. The words dosen't even exist. They're was even another lady on Indeed forum that said she experienced the same thing... And they told her they will open an office in Calgary in Calgary... But there business existed 4 years ago... I am just very scared that it might be Human trafficking.
I receive an email for An, for the DMS. they sent me a package to fill in for employment. I wanted to verify the company and I could not find them on and off site. I called the number and an east Indian women answered the phone and I asked some question to verify the company and the women was shocked. I let her know I could not find the company online and she told me it was being worked on and it would be up tomorrow.  I called back a second time within 10 min and the toll free number was disconnected. SCAM
They contacted me offering me a job in human resource specialist, the continued to contact me until I replied and right away they wanted me to sign a contract for 10 days probation, the next day they wanted to transfer money to my account for me to pull out and switch it to stock and then do a few other things, this is when I realized it was a trap, no one would trust someone they never met with 3000 dollars.
I applied to a very legitimate advertisement on indeed. Within three days, I got the message below (#1) to my private indeed email.. however, the original post said nothing about doing remote work for someone abroad. It said office work, as a secretary... no work from home mention. After receiving this odd message, I did question this part and ask for more identification from the driver. They skipped over most of my questions, responding with the second message provided below also. This is where I questioned the legitimacy, as the individual had no problem offering me money to pay for office supplies when they had not even offered a employment opportunity. I asked for more information prior to providing them more, and my email was blocked completely - I can no longer contact them. They had originally responded within 12 hours - so I took it as a confirmation that they were attempting to stop me. 1st message of contact: "Hello Courtney, Thanks for your email about your interest in the Office Assistant position.You have an exciting personality from your resume, and you are a better fit for the job. Its part-time Executive/personal assistant work, the position is home-based and flexible (You can be in any location to carry out any of the activities). My name is Charlotte Mikayla, and I am an independent Architect, professional Photographer, international speaker and a lecturer. I make portraits and cover all types of meetings, conferences, events, and festivities, usually on assignment.My work has been published in many publications and books. I bring a unique teaching style to students which guarantee creative and fun to learn by all student photographers while leading them to new, exciting photographic heights that they have dreamed of. When I can, I travel, capturing some of the most beautiful places in the world. Photography for me is all about the aesthetic. I like to create beautiful images. And I find beauty everywhere, especially in the imprint of life on people's faces and on the landscape. I tell stories through my pictures. I especially love the use of black and white imagery. So much narrative is told in the gray areas. I often conduct Live slide/talk lectures on Understanding Exposure, the Art of Seeing, Macro Photography and Photographing People throughout Germany, Canada, USA and Asia. I am presently in a workshop in Sydney, Australia and I will be here till the end of next week, after which I will be in Dallas,Texas for a workshop but will meet you before heading for the event in Dallas,Texas. The need to have a Personal assistant that will handle my assignment in Canada is seriously needed. While I am within and out of the country, I need someone who can stand in the gap for me with my administrative work. Your work duties are as follows : # Book Flight/hotel and make event reservations # Schedule my appointments, # Make both sending and receive emails. # Account balance and deposit duties # Planning and organizing meetings # Organizing travel and preparing complex travel activities. # Drafting communications on my behalf with clients and vendors. # Receive payments from clients who want to attend my workshops or Live shows, # Pay duties for vendors Wage is paid for hire per week from Monday to Friday with Paid Vacation. Since I am not available now to set up a face-to-face interview, you shall go through a response in my next email to determine your eligibility to work with me. For a proper review, kindly get back with the correct information because of the fact that it's on your resume, I need this for acknowledgment and original purpose, Full Legal Name: Address : A #: City, Province, and Postal code: Cell Phone Number: Two references from your past employer or immediate relatives/friends will also be appreciated. I will be glad to read back from you with your interest in the job offer or otherwise.I will write in my next email about the type of office equipment you have available for me to make arrangements for the ones you don't have available to yourself. Best Regards, Charlotte Mikayla" 2nd Message of contact: " Hello Charlotte, I appreciate your swift response and information provided. I am currently working on my website and will let you know when it's ready. I need an answer for these simple but essential questions from you which acts as an interview before a face to face interview is completed.I demand detailed and honest answers as you could and you may leave blank if you don't have an answer to a question. 1. Do you have any Administrative/Executive/Personal assistant experience? 2. Do you have any experience in basic Photography? 3. Tell me about yourself and your last or current job? 4. Are you comfortable and efficient working from home? 5. Do you have any job weakness that is possible? 6. Can you work with me full time in the future? 7. How good are you with some basic computer applications like Microsoft Words, email, Flash, Photoshop, Corel Draw, etc.? 8. DO you have 3-hours to spare daily? 9. If you are finally employed, how would you like to receive your salary (share or direct deposit)? 10. Do you have a means of transportation? I will be waiting for a response from you in regards this questions and kindly answer this as honest as you can. If you don't have an answer to any of the questions, then leave blank. I will provide some essential equipment and training needed to complete my tasks. All I need to know is the availability of the equipment with you and details of each that you have to your self and not shared equipment. I need the Types, models, and configuration of the equipment that you have available. A Personal Desktop/Laptop? A Printer? Internet Access? A Scanner? War Machine? Shredder? File Cabinet? I hope you could spare me a corner to prepare your perfect home office for this job. However, your first task is to find out the Prices of all the office supplies you will need for this work. Find out the most efficient office supplies that you don you t have from the list above. Kindly get back to me with the prices so that we can compare and contrast before going for the ones that will serve us better. You will be getting the funds for the supplies possibly before the end of next week.Thanks and will be waiting to read back from you soon."
My husband got an email from "Captain Jones" asking if he was looking for a job. When he replied yes, she asked him to send her an ID to verify his identity. In a few email exchanges, which my husband offered to go in person to show his ID and continue a proper interview process, she replied that he was already hired and after he sent the ID she would arrange for a phone interview. The job is an office assistant, no experience required and will be in Markham where the office is under renovation. I felt very suspicious.I searched online: - per Canada Company Directory, Zansbon Corp was incorporated 2017-10-25 but in their website it was incorporated 2007. - the same team ROBERT MORIN, MICHAEL FINCHAM  and  JONATHAN SHAVER are not featured in Linkedin nor related to such company in Google search (some make up name  and ., maybe from the website building template). The directors per public record are listed (https://www.canadacompanyregistry.com/companies/zansbon-corporation/) - the news section looks like from template and the news are nothing related to the company. - the company address is a commercial/residential building. - the phone number cannot reach anyone over the past few days. No voice recording system. - "Mia" kept refusing to meet with my husband. even he said he was in the area, saying it's company policy that she needed to see his ID sent first. Email is the only communication channel with her. - per website they have offices everywhere (55+) but no location info is given. - the website is too template-look/sound. Everything looks fine in the first glance, but then things don't add up when look closely. Please investigate. Thanks.
The person who claimed to hire me was               . They offered me a job of remote executive manager right away without any interview process. They preferred using email and text messages to communicate. They asked me to provide my email address, phone number, and a picture of my license. They said to begin, I had to sign a labour agreement for a 10 day trial period. At this point I was getting very suspicious. On the first day of the trial period they wanted to discuss things over the phone. So I agreed to see if my instincts were correct. Turns out, they were. A man called, didn't state his name, said I had to complete a task in a simple manner and had many technical errors throughout the phone call. The first task was to sign up for various websites including, https://localbitcoins.com and https://squareup.com, and to receive money from their company to my bank account, via online Merchant, and convert it to account for their clients. Then, without me even completing the task, they said I qualify for a senior position that pays $2000/week. Very suspicious. I wanted to be certain it was a. so I did some research on potential buyers and checked through their company website. It was full of technical errors, vague descriptions, few reviews and on their events page they said they conduct courses in Hyderabad (India). So I sent them a message saying "oh you hold events in Hyderabad, that's great! It's in India, right?" And they haven't replied yet. I'm almost certain this is a trap or even worse, and so please everyone be careful! And I hope the authorities get involved to put an end to it.
They offer 250 per week for a unknown sized soap to be put on your car advertising for its spring soap. The information that was sent by the employer has spelling errors and some sentences don't make sense. Upon some further searching I have come to the conclusion that this is a fake job offer that will make the person cash a fake cash check and be on the line for all of the money. I have called the actual Acosta company in Florida and they have confirmed this is fake.
Be careful of an employer named       "Republic of jobs?". They've been smiling and asking me about responding to their job offer when I haven't submitted anything. I can barely find any info about them online and I've grown suspicious of them
The company contacted me about a job offer, however they have an extremely new website, their phone service just keeps you in an infinite wait loop. The address doesn't appear to be a place you could have a business, and the job they offered was very suspicious. here is an extract: "General Information Title: Basic Work Place: Remote/Home-Based Salary Range: $18 per hour + bonus for each completed payment. The bonus can be from $ 30 to $ 150 depending on the amount of payment and the speed of processing the task. Schedule: Flexible working hours. Full Time and Part-Time are available. Working hours for Part-Time schedule are from 9 am to 1 pm or from 1 pm to 5 pm. Training Period: 4 weeks Benefits: Full package Job Duties Receiving payments Withdrawing cash from the bank account Making cash using real currency. Improvement of the online processing efficiency Performing reports" so that seems very suspicious to me
I am the Conduct Compliance Manager at ICCRC (Immigration Consultants of Canada Regulatory Council). This agency with a male that goes by Charles Baldwin, is not registered with IBM, and investigation has revealed that this is fraud operation. in Addition, the address given is false. If you have any dealings with either the company or Baldwin, please contact ICCRC-CRCIC.ca.
Create a free account and write me in, please. My fake ID:  jennifersullivanipd@hotmail.com   or simple    jennifersullivanipd This will allow me to respond more quickly to your messages. The essence of the first tasks is: Our finance department will send corporate money to your bank account through e-Transfer service, and then you need cash out money in the bank branch after that with your personal account wallet in Bitcoin ATM. The money comes from our customers who are ready to buy our software. These clients will need to explain all the details of our program later. I'll teach you how to do it later. As I told you before, you should fill your own wallet, to start accepting orders from our customers and perform large deals with our partners. How the process of filling your wallet should be done: 1. Receive corporate money with an e-transfer, deposit money into your bank account. 2. Cash out full amount from bank branch. 3. Leave your own wallet in the nearest Bitcoin ATM. Put full amount from transfer into BTM machine. 4. Then take a photo of BTM screen with Bitcoins amount, which will add on your wallet. 5. Send this photo to me as your report. The following instructions and your next tasks will be after the first tasks. I will also send the instructions gradually for you. I attached your personal digital wallet to this message. It is a picture (a CODE). Save it on your mobile phone or print it and take with you, when you will go to BTM. This code will help you to deposit money into your personal account wallet. This is personal ID code of your wallet, only you have access to this. DO NOT LOSE IT! DO NOT GIVE IT TO OTHER HANDS!! Please confirm that you understand the process of filling your wallet.! Please confirm that you saved your own code or printed this. I'm wait for your reply. Jennifer Sullivan IPD Solutions Company
The name claims to be from.a talent agency offering part time job from home with great pay. They will send u job information along with probation period contract. they preofessional and will keep their website all attached in each mail to make it seem like its end. The website feature don't work properly. They will tell u to send a picture holding the contract to maybe steal the identity. The address is fake as i found no business named job state agency exist under that address.
About a month ago I got a job offer from an apparent old lady at this so called  localt investments group  whom were apparently opening an office in Calgary on December 3rd. She sent me an email stating that they want to give me a  lot better a  job offer then just a  little customer service representitive offer, she then sent me an application form to fill out with my personal information. I sent it back not knowing, and then I received another email from a Michael      who is apparently the  senior development manager out  of the company, who then asked me for my banking information, which at that point I thought was a little odd... I haven't met anyone in person, and they were asking for this information so they could send me money for a  full 10 day training period too. So a red flag came on right away and I just never bothered lying to him, and since then he has called three other times basically asking me as to why I haven't called him back. In today's world, no REAL professional has a potential employee, I will attach the last email from him and you will see what he has said to me.
Trucksy Corporation cannot be found anywhere on the map or Internet, and their site says it's forbidden. I applied on indeed and they called me saying I got a job and asked a few questions. I asked what their office address is where I would be working, as they're apparently expanding everywhere, and they didn't reply. Instead they asked for my confidential information and want me to sign a contract before they want to set up a phone interview. I just called them saying I need to address of the office and would like to go in to meet them before signing anything.
I received an email from online online solutions for a job offer of a Senior Assistant making $1470/week as a FT employee. I replied and asked more details about the job and didn't get a straight answer. The hiring process was bizarre and the  last employee put  in contact with me was not professional I  their emails, making multiple grammar mistakes and not making sense. They kept sending me emails regarding my interest in the job. Every email I received even after asking questions seem to be an automated reply. I tried calling the phone number provided and didn't get any answer. Also, I looked up their website and called the company with no results found. Their website did come up but any option for calling them was a dead end.
I was contacted by her  about the Chief Assistant position, and they made me sign a contract, with my picture as well and my page.                                because I though it was too good to be true... 10 day probation and they pay $700 for that and after $5000/month for full time work, $1100 for part time a week. Phone number is not in service, you can't find the company anywhere, no address, name, nothing. Don't answer to them if they contact you, and try to limit web sites where you post your resume!
I was applying for jobs on Indeed and then received an e-mail regarding a Remote Executive Manager position. The e-mail said the pay would be "Employment: Full Time/Part Time Working hours: 40 hours/week or 20 hours/week Salary: 1340$/week or 670$/week" and that they are looking for someone with excellent customer service and that can work well independently. I then responded that I was interested and then learned in the next e-mail that it would be for a 10 day trial. The next e-mail contained more information about the job description in what I would be doing, like answering phone calls and placing orders for customers. The e-mail also included a "Labor Agreement" form. After I signed the form and sent it back, I received another e-mail. This time the e-mail was about Bitcoin and how I would be using it to make purchases for the clients. The company would send me 2-3 new transactions to fill up my Bitcoin wallet. They wanted to know my bank name, e-mail address associated with my account and phone number. I did not reply back to this e-mail as I then learned about the employment and employment system, so they did not give me any money, and did not get any from me. There were a few things that I found suspicious such as some errors with spelling and grammar. Also, the "hiring manager" said this  in an e-mail: "Because I am  your manager, and I have a few people in this position, I communicate via e-mail only." I thought it was bizarre that I didn't have an interview and that this person would only communicate by e-mail and not over the phone. Since they provided a website, I also looked at it and noticed that on their Events page, the city where the events are is Hyderabad. This is located in India, not Canada and instead of saying "India" it says "No" Please look into this company as I believe they are not a legitimate business.
I received an email saying I got a job to be an IT assistant for a new company called jobs state employment and they sent me the job description telling me i could work online from home full time. I was already suspicious but doing a Google search didn't really give much information and the job seemed to good to be true. I went along with filling out their forms asking for my contact information and my preferred hours. They gave me the task of creating a job posting on indeed for holiday systems international using the email name helen71@yahoo.ca I finished the task and asked about how i would be paid. "i" advised i'd be paid at the end of the 10 day training period through anotherat and two other options which i thought was weird. Today they sent sent me a new task of watching a video video to get a better understanding. I knew once they asked for my banking info like which bank not like account number or anything like that but they asked how much is the maximum amount i caand withdraw from an item. i simply told them a low number, but then advised me to call my bank and increase the limit to $500. After i got that email I immediately stopped responding although the letters are continuing to message. Also i spoke with one on the phone when we did a phone interview it was a male sounded East Asian in my opinion. They called from the same BC number I have already provided.                                               
I was contacted through e-mail by an Amber Hilend who said that she had gotten my information off indeed.com and was interested in offering me a job.  I assumed it was him.  She handed me a suspect application form and a "Job Description".  A couple days after I returned the "application" she contact me again and said they had tried to call and that my number was not correct.  I realized I had made an error on the application and sent her the correct information. In the back of my head I couldn't figure out why a job that was offering over $30.00 an hour was putting me off the fly for an interview that was not previously scheduled.  When she called the connection was horrible.  She did not sound like she knew what she was doing and repeated job description with a very thick accent and broken English.  I told her I would return her call to see if I could get a better connection.  I called the number listed in her e-mail.  The recording promptly informed me that the number was "unknown". I e-mail her and told her the number listed in her e-mail was invalid.  It took a few hours but she finally got back to me and said that (and I quote)  "You can not call us because we have a large flow of candidates, our line is constantly updated, because our line is connected with customer service."  I decided I didn't want to work for a company that was so important and had decided I didn't like how things were not adding up.  I decided not to contact them again.  Low and weak two hours later, having completed no interview, I was offered a job offer and asked to provide personal documents.  That is about the time that it hit that there were looking for PERSONAL INFORMATION.  I went back into my e-mail and realized that these e-mail did NOT come through indeed like the rest and that I was being watched.  What can I say?  I am blond :)
On October 28th, 2018. I had applied for an online employment (working from home) position. In which they were looking for 2 people to hire for online payment processing out of the Moncton NB office. Noted to me that it is a Toronto based digital advertising company that is rapidly growing. Also noted that all training would be done in Moncton NB. So it seemed very easy. After discussing with this person about employment for several days, he then advised that in order to meet with the team that I was to require a new personal bank account with CIBC, BT, or RBC to work well with their system. Which at that time, I thought it may have been for direct deposit. So I did. We had been discussing a meeting for 10 days. Finally he tells me that the only way that I was to meet was if I had client card and all documentation in hand. (meaning he then could see all my personal info). It did send a major red flag. After he advised this, I declined the position immediately. He then responded with a very angry and offensive email.. In which I will attach the response.
I got an email for a job offer saying I was hired but they hired me online without an interview?!? I didn't email them back as they're asking me to.
Got email offering me a job got my resume on indeed.ca as human resource specialist for new office in Toronto, she was from office in BC.  Said was all internet work for 10 days then new office ready in 2 weeks.  I signed contract and sent photo with it, filled out application said 40 hours week would be $1470, but for 10 days training was $800.  Asked me to post a fake job on indeed as first task. I did and she said next day I would get more instructions.  Waited and nothing, called number but just hangs up, no response to my email.  I was suspicious so last night I asked a few questions and said I don't believe salary and think is a liar so today did not get further tasks.  She has my photo and address, no banking info given.
Good day to you. Sorry for my delayed response as we had to review hundreds of applications and we have agreed that it will be wonderful having you represent our company in your region considering your skill and experience. I only hope that we have a mutual understanding so we could commence business in earnest. Concerning the job position, i would like to state the following: 1) Our company, Furukawa Battery Co., Ltd. has a list of jobs in your region. 2) We are planning to open an office outlet in your city within the next 6 months. A team from our head office here in Japan will be coming over to visit you and we hope to sit down over coffee and marshal out a business plan. Once we have the office opened, you will be mandated to handle all business issues ranging from staff recruitment to daily operations. Prior to when we are able to establish the office in your location, we shall need to you handle debt collections from our current customers. Once a date has been confirmed by our board, i shall put you ahead prior our arrival in your country to meet with you. 3) In view of debts collection, we need you to assist us with collecting these debts from our customers and processing same with the bank. All you have to do is to contact customers via phone or E-mail to request payments. Once we confirm you as our agent in your region, payments from customers will be issued directly to you. 4) You shall be paid a monthly salary of $5,000.00.  Twice within every 25 day cycle from the date of your appointment. 5) In addition, you shall also be entitled to a 5% commission on every payment you collect on behalf of our company. These payments shall be coming weekly from our customers in your region. For example, when a client makes a payment for $200,000.00, you shall therefore be entitled to $ 10,000.00 being 5% commission. 6) You shall also be entitled to a bonus at the end of every year. We are currently working this out. I shall inform you once i get confirmation from our accounts department. Due to time zone difference, i could not call as planned. However, we will have to resume our telephone call within the week or alternatively you can reach me via my phone line: (+81-503-196-4486). Please feel free to ask any question and i shall report back with answers. Awaiting your positive reply to proceed with contract agreement. Shigeru Takaku Director, Human Resources +81-503-196-4486 shigeru.takaku@furukawadenchi-jp.com
I got an email from a guy who called himself Rick Murphy asking me for filling out an application on their company website. I had been looking for a job recently but did not remember doing that. I will copy and paste the exact email he originally sent me at the end. He attempted to call me every day in the morning which was odd because I had given him a time to best get me and that was way out of the time slot. He left a notice saying  Yes this is Rick Murphy please call me back  later  but didn't leave a phone number but I had call I'd on my phone. And I tried calling that number back and the first few times it would just keep on ringing and there was never an answering machine or anything. The last few times I called it would ring twice and then a busy signal. I imagined him telling him I tried calling there was no answer or answering machine Oh that and never heard back until a few days later when he called me saying he's tried calling and didn't get me and to call him back on the number I had already been calling so he did finally give me a number but not until towards the end of about 5 days. I then tried a few more times and got the same result when I called so I sent him an email saying I'm not sure what to do as I've tried calling. I then tried looking up the company and the only one I could find was in the UK. So all of those things together made me realize it's a dream so I want to warn people. But I didn't and would never give out any banking info and I'm not sure how he got my information to begin with although I have been applying to a bunch of places through Indeed so maybe they had a fake add or something. I'mona copy and paste the exact words from the first email he sent me so you know what to look out for: Thank you for filling out our application form and reading the information on our company's website. Before a phone interview, I you d like to tell you more about the duties that come with the position. Your work will start with processing requests from our sales managers. The requests will be sent to your email and my account. A request includes a contract price, order details, payment method, and filled out brief. Your task will be to issue an order, make payment arrangements with the client, add a payment transaction to the company system, and forward the order to the developers. A few times a month, you you ll have to inform potential customers via email about other special offers and options that are available at the moment in our company. You'll receive email lists and materials from the marketing team. Also, you you ll receive requests from our existing clients. Your task will be to specify details by phone and email and forward the request to the right department. At the end of the working day, you you ll have to make sure all the data have been correctly added to the IT and ERP systems. Other duties as may arise from time to time and as may be assigned on this position. During your trial period, you you ll be trained to perform your duties step by step. You can rest assured that you won't find yourself in an awkward situation when you don't know anything about the task assigned to you. However, you you ll be able to ask your supervisor for help anytime. During  your 1-month probation, you'll be working remotely and will be paid at a full-time rate: $ 3,600 + tons. During your probation, you you ll be given some materials to get acquainted with. Plus, you you ll be processing orders under your supervisor's guidance. If you're interested in a phone interview, please let me know a good time to call you. If you have any questions, you also re welcome to ask them during the interview. If for some reason you can't accept my call, be sure to call me back later. Rick Murphy. Purplestar Designs, Inc.
The caller said he was the vice president of a company. Through internet searching, I found out that this person was a stranger. I received this email. Tamiko Katsu Co.,Ltd, thanks you for your response to our offer. ABOUT THE COMPANY: Tamiko Katsu is an international, integrated, comprehensive equipment industrial company committed to providing quality services globally. Tamiko Katsu is s primary businesses include four main areas of manufacturing: mechanical equipment, project contracting, trade and services, as well as finance and investment. Its service scope covers critical national economic fields including machinery, electric power, energy, agriculture and forestry, transportation, construction, automobiles, ship building, light industry, electronics energy, environmental engineering, aerospace and logistics. Tamiko Katsu has a market presence in over 170 countries and regions around the world. By adding to the business philosophy of  all working together and pursuing win-win innovation, thus  promoting  a and to  cultural construction and focusing on two major core business areas of equipment manufacturing and modern manufacturing services, TAMIKO KATSU is committed to creating a new,  global four-wheel-driven product  development pattern involving  modern manufacturing, engineering, trade and capital..  The company is determined to build a world-class enterprise with international connections, thus becoming a front-runner of Japan's machinery industry and a model for mankind's progress. REPRESENTATIVE OPPORTUNITY: Currently we are breaking into the emerging North America Market with our range of new products, due to high demand. Hence we seek Representatives in USA and Canada due to a raising number of customer'share payments. Based on research and past experience we have discovered that having representatives in the same region with our customers makes it very easy for them to comply and pay in due time. To this effect the board has resolved we employ representatives who can easily communicate with our customer via email and telephone and act as our collection Agents for these new service payments. Main Job description include assisting Tamiko Katsu Co.,Ltd to communicate and also in the delivery of our payments from our customers/clients who are located in the USA and Canada region, We have clients all over this regions that is yet to meet up with the normal payment schedule of 30 days after confirming the delivery of products sent to them in good condition.We got your contact from a Canadian Marketing Research company (in Canada) and also on Linkedin. This is a part time opportunity and you don't need to leave your current job, this take less than one hour of your time daily. If you  wish to learn more about our company Kindly view our website on Google search Engine.: Tamiko Katsu Co.,Ltd. COMMISSION AND COMPENSATION: Individual Partnership: As compensation for this service, you will be entitled to 5% commission of every completed transaction (i.e. 5% of every payment received, processed and received less your commission), plus $5,550 monthly allowance to cover out-of- Pocket expenses such as telephone bill, fees, etc. Corporate Partnership: As compensation for this service, the company will be entitled to 7% commission of every completed transaction (i.e. 7% of every payment received, processed and received less your commission), plus $9,550 monthly allowance to cover out-of-pocket expenses. Please note that the monthly allowance will be paid at the end of each month. REQUIREMENT: If interested in working with us, simply indicate by telling us that you are interested. We want your next response. Best Regards, Dr. Masaki      Vice President Tamiko Katsu Co., Ltd.
I received an email saying that my resume was reviewed by their PR department and that i was the perfect candidate to fill certain positions. They were opening an office in my area and wanted to know if I was interested in the opportunity. I did find it odd, but I had posted my resume on a number of job sites and I spoke to some friends who said that they have been contacted the same way. I responded that I was interested in obtaining more info. A follow up email was sent with a number of positions that were available and I was asked to chose the one I was most inserted in and to answer six questions such as do I enjoy working in a team. I found that the questions were going a bit strange. I did not respond and the next day I received a follow up email stating a sense of urgency for me to submit my answers. I advised I would submit them shortly. The next day I had not submitted them and I received again a follow email asking where my responses were. I did some research and the company had a website but again something seemed off. The questions that were asked were not of a personal nature and I did not require that I provide any specific information about my past jobs etc. I submitted the answers and then I received a response asking me to provide photo ID, complete and sign the attached employment agreement and then I would be contacted by an interview representative. The end of the email had a paragraph stating that by signing the agreement I am bound to the commitment I have made. I the employment agreement did not state a wage, a job location or any details concerning start dates etc. At this point I was convinced this was a trap. I did not respond. But I am certainly reporting this way. My, Inc.
This individual called me to confirm if I was still looking for employment.  When I had replied that I was, it was following by further emails to advise me to pick a position I was interested in and outlined the details of the employment.  I was then required to submit my identification information as well as sign an employment contact.  This individual  contacted me on joining their company and then advised me that further contact would be made regarding the job position and interview.  I was to email them at 9:00 am in the morning and when I did, they further followed with an email regarding my first training task.  It started by saying that I would need initial capital and outlined that it would be for funds for software, online trading, online purchases, bill payments, equipment development, paid advertising orders, trade operations and any working experience.  She then advised that I will not spend any of my own money on this and advised that the company uses bit coins for the initial capital and that I was to exchange the money on Bitcoin.  She reported that the accountant would send me an annual e-transfer - $2000.  I was go go to the nearest bank branch or ATM and withdraw the money and then go to the nearest Specialty Bank and exchange the money on Bitcoin.She advised me to exchange the $1,950.00, and reported that they would then pay me the $50 for the day's work.  She provided me with a secure card at 13402 66 St NW, Edmonton,6.  She reported that the company would give me the money to take the taxi to this location or to take my own vehicle and they would give me the money to buy the gas.  I was also to watch the accompanying video (which I did not and began to recognize some different form of activity being provided to me).  The further actions in this email advised me to perform these actions without wasting time or pursuing other tasks and to keep her informed  and respond immediately to report on what steps I had taken.  She inquired as to how much time I would require to complete the task and stated that she was here to help me.    At this time, I called her back to report that I was uncomfortable in the way she pursued the employment hiring with her company and asked her to severe the employment contract.  She continued to send me emails to confirm as to why and again attempted to suggest that this was a secured and safe practice and I informed her that I did not require her $20 per hour job when I was making double that with my past employment and requested that she refrain from any further contact or emails with me.  From that point she sent a final email to advise that I had signed an employment contract as as per the contract, it would be cancelled in 7 day notice period.  This was after I sent several emails to suggest that I was on the short list for                      jobs and could not be associated with work I did not feel comfortable with (this was the truth on my part).
I received an email from this  new company's / . Manager  to s Adams  stating that my resume on indeed.com matched an opening they had. The position seemed way too good to be true and the salary proposed was way higher then the industry standard. However, the grammar used in the email was poor, so I checked the website, at first glance, it's a beautiful site and looks great, but as you scroll to the bottom to check their comments by clients, it seems their clients have the same poor grammar and they don't actually specifically say how great this company is or how they helped their own companies. These comments say that their own companies are global leaders, and with the money from it, they were able to be international. I find it strange for a  true global leader that  they need financial help to be international? When I checked the Web site for this company, the name that came up, makes me think that these guys just keep preparing themselves to pull the same stunt.
I have deleted the email so I don't have any further info. I did however notice the company name and they have blocked their web page from Google leading me to believe it is s a name. The company viewed my resume on the like a job search website. I email them back for more info so I will keep you posted and save any subsequent information.
I was first contacted by a "regular" Mira Lee saying they found my email on LinkedIn. My first reaction was that my email address is not shown on this site. I played their game for a few days to see where it would go. I was approved to a position acting as collecting agent or "representative" for this company. I did a bit of homework on this. The plan is to have fraud charges sent to me and then for me to wire money to someone. I have not called them back saying I was reporting this. The last email I received was as follows: As a follow up to your approval as our Representative, we would want you to get to work immediately  we are presently calling our customers who have outstanding payments to get to our company. As of this week, a customer is due to get payments for goods supplied in June 5, 2018 with outstanding payment of 734,900.00 CAD. The company would want you to immediately establish contact with the customer and re-confirm to him that you are from Yenaut Industrial Company Limited and you are responsible for all payments due to the company in Canada and you are expecting a payment from him. We have made our customer aware of you as the company representative in Canada, Attached is an advance on the goods purchased. Do present to him with the Invoice attached. He has informed us he would be traveling out of Canada for a business trip and we would want him to get payment before traveling for his trip, he has promised to receive the whole amount in installments and we would want him to get first installment payment before he leaves for his trip. Find below the customer's contact detail: BRYAN KUDRO EASTERN TRADE  :  MARKETING COMPANY OF E-MAIL:Bkudro@easterntmc.com TEL: +1204-291-5237 AT: +1204-594-5550 Kindly contact him via call or email and follow up with the payment. Do keep me updated as soon as you hear from him. I want your acknowledgement of this email. Regards, Mr. Youming YE.
I RECEIVED AN EMAIL FOR A JOB OFFER (WHICH i NEVER APPLIED FOR) FOR AN ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT ROLE - I WAS NEVER CALLED FOR AN INTERVIEW SO I CHECK OUT THEIR WEBSITE AND IT'S DOWN FOR MAINTENANCE.  WHEN YOU GO TO SEARCH FOR INFORMATION ON THE COMPANY, THERE IS NOTHING ON THE WEB.  VERY SUSPICIOUS.  I NEVER CALLED THEM AS I DON'T WANT THEM TO HAVE ANY INFORMATION ON ME WHATSOEVER.
I received an online job offer "Janet Taylor" with an 'employment agency', claiming to have gotten my resume from a job posting site. The email was as follows: "Search Talent Employment Ltd is a global software business with over 300 clients. We work in the field of human resources. Our company is looking for the most successful ways to employ people. Our employees, our experience and our expertise are at the heart of everything we do at Search Talent Employment Ltd. We are working towards the same goal  as  establish mutually beneficial terms between the employer and the employee. Search Talent Employment Ltd develops the latest ways for employment of people. We are planning a very rapid development of our company and hope to find new hard-working employees, so we are looking for employees who will join the new branches of our company. We have expanded our staff and we are planning to open new offices in 4 cities of Canada. But this is not the end. The most important quality that we require from our future employees is the full commitment to the job. We value hard-workers and positive people. We would like to offer you a position of Human Resource Assistant. We have studied your resume and came to the conclusion that you will suit for this role. We're a customer-driven culture, looking for passionate, motivated, and talented individuals to help us exceed our client's expectations and provide an awesome customer experience. We offer a challenging, exciting and fun work environment, where you'll have the opportunity to work with cutting-edge technologies and collaborate with some of the biggest people in the industry. We foster a culture where our hard work creates exceptional results and success together. My name is Janet Taylor. I am Human Resources Manager in Search Talent Employment Ltd company. We got your resume from the website: ---------- Why work at Search Talent Employment Ltd?  bull  Winner of Best Work (Benefits, or  and  Incentives)  bull  Flexible hours / Casual work environment  bull  Training Budget  bull  Competitive Benefits Package  bull  Awesome new development machines (full accessories  and  dual monitor)  bull  Employment and salary for Full time: 40 hours/week (1470 CAD), For Part time: 20 hours/week (850 CAD) Requirements:  bull  You have excellent customer service and computer skills.  bull  Place of residence Canada.  bull  Ability to multi-task, organize and manage time effectively.  bull  Organization skills for successful strategy planning. Please read the "Job Description", and then decide for yourself whether this position suits you. If you decide that the position is right for you, then fill out the "Application Form". The recruitment process takes place within two days. Best regards, Search Talent Employment Ltd, Janet Taylor"
2nd time found this girl Katrin Barth send me the application. There are several suspicious spots: 1. the website she gave has an unnamed source. 2. the company service only has the no words description while you clicked. 3. None of the company doesn't have information. 4. salary is too high and there was no much job requirement. 5. App missing information needed for employment
they called for a phone interview that took not more then 5 minutes to complete they record your voice, on an number 22 they called me back to tell me that i got the job. they handed me a contract along with a medical questionnaire that did not make any sense.. on Friday the texted me telling me to check my work email that they setup that the first steps to training are there.. when i opened the email it was instruction on how to deposit a 3,000 check through mobile banking using a photo of a photo..and with the money i was to purchase a Epson work force es-200 portable mobile document printer with 1 and 1 year repair contract...after i was suppose to purchase this i was suppose to send them the copy of the email and that the remainder of the money was for office equipment to my home which was of a new computer and phone with this if found this to be the red flags went up and i started to go and investigate further i called the bank listed on the there so called business check and of course there is no business with this name listed..i then to proceed to looking into there website and found out that there is another exact same information as this same medical group i contacted that business in Texas and asked if they where affiliated with a medical the informed me that they are aware of this company and they are bad people.. and they are trying to shut down there operation.. this business and medical group isn't even registered with the better business bureau..i have also seen there ads on it... donot be involved and don't apply with this company there are a fraud and fraud.
I saw a post on Facebook but the company was looking for a position filled so I applied it was like any other job application except they never asked me for my resume once I filled out all the requirements they text me saying that they would like me to start as soon as possible once I asked what the job position was and how it worked their responses became bag they wanted to send me $800 into my personal bank account have me take the money out at a bank and then send a money order to there suppliers. They're operating under an actual business title although they are not affiliated with them in any way in fact there an escort service out of it
Received a job offer from Vela Software. The job involves working from home for a 10 day trial with possibility for full time employment. The person emphasized that they would not speak to anyone over the phone and that all correspondence would be in email. Also over was the use of it. Please investigate.
I had my resume posted on job search sites as I'm seeking employment. I was contacted by someone claiming to be from work with Elite Worldwide Logistics about a high paying position in payment processing. The sent a job description and application, someone contacted me from the company number to explain the position, but this was not like a phone interview it was just a guy telling me about the position in which he explained a 10-day trial period in which I would use my own account until my company account was set up to process payments from their clients. When I questioned him about this he said my manager would be able to better explain and would work with me to ensure I knew the job. The man had a heavy accent, so I just told him to get this "manager" to contact me. I then received an email asking for my ID, and personal deposit (bank account) info, which I did not provide. I had called the number they called from and sent a test email to their info email address, the phone number was not assigned and the email bounced back. I responded to the original email asking for a private phone number that I could speak with someone to ensure the company was a legitimate company, as I was not comfortable sending my personal info via email. The person responded with an email saying that I could not contact them as their lines are loaded with candidates and connected to their customer service lines, she then asked if I was no longer interested in the position in which I responded "No"! Who would work for a company they cannot contact, I am not sure. Anyway so far I haven't lost anything and they only have my resume information, but it did waste a lot of my time, so I'm slightly pissed off. Hopefully no one actually gives them their info and checks sites like these first, who knows what would have happened had they received my ID and banking info. Be careful people!
I was contacted by Kevin Giles through email, who offered me a job as an "Online Service Manager" for Tritax Consulting Group. We offered you a new position in our company some time ago. But you still didn't answered us. Are you interested? Our offer is limited. And If "Dear Doctor Dear, you are interested in a good job with a high salary and extra benefits, then please write back and we will start registration process. But please note that we are searching for the answers only. If you reside outside Canada, then you will be unable to start working with us. If you are not interested, please don't reply to this message. And we will remove you from our kill list. Thank you Yours truly, Manager Kevin Giles Global Consulting Group Inc. Phone: +1 (226) 799-1971 www.tritaxgroup.com" I told him I was interested and ready to proceed. Then he sent me this: "Dear John James, We appreciate your interest in Tritax Consulting Group Inc and acknowledge you fit the Online Service Manager position. I will be your personal manager. I will teach you during your trial period. I have a lot of experience. I have been working in this company for many years. Please read carefully:  bull It is home based job. You will work from your home. Using your phone or laptop.  bull Full time: 1330 $ weekly, part time: 930 $ weekly  bull We need only a single residency! If you are outside of Canada, then we will not be able to offer you a job with us. Your responsibility will be to:  bull Contact the client   bull Obtain an order from the client   bull Analyze the order   bull Find the most successful way of delivery   bull Inform the customer of the order price. Services and products that you will buy for customers:  bull Robotic equipment   bull Construction Materials   bull Gas and electric boiler equipment   bull Production machines   bull Bus. If you find our work interesting and are ready to take the next step in the processing of employment, you will need to carefully go through the documentation attached. Attached to this message please find Labor Agreement and Job Description. Please, review this document thoroughly, fill it out and send it to my e-mail address. You must fill in all the necessary information that is requested in the Labor Agreement. Be very careful to avoid any errors or misleading information. If you are in Canada, we will wait for the completed and signed Labor Agreement. While your information is verified, we will consider you as a candidate for the position of the Online Service Manager of the position. We strongly hope that you will join our team and become an integral part of this. If you have questions, don't hesitate to ask me. I will answer immediately. Thank you Yours truly, Manager Kevin Giles Global Consulting Group Inc. Phone: +1 (226) 799-1971 www.tritaxgroup.com" He later sent a job offer and job description letter which I filled, scanned and sent back to "Kevin Giles" He then replied with this: "Dear reader, I would like to consult you on passing another step in the employment process. The next step that we will have is that you will fill in: Holder Name:### Bank Name:  ### We are very glad to see you as one of our co-workers. This will be the last piece of information before starting the job. Then you will receive a call from one of our call center operators for a phone interview. Thank you" It was then I knew the time was up, I was born in Nigeria, and my father always told me to use my brain and never fall for him.  Then I researched and found out there has been a case about not sending fake money order. So I replied with this: Dear sir, I am declining your job offer with full force. Therefore, the job offer letter I signed is now deemed invalid and worthless. However, I have reported your organization to the appropriate authorities for attempts to seduce and ruin me through a job offer scheme. Thanks but no thanks.
Contact is by way of email. We (me and others) believe they are targeting females. Peter Brown shows as CEO- peterb@creativepersonnel.net (mail undeliverable) Emily L. Donnelly as co - emilyd@creativepersonnel.net (mail undeliverable). Person within me and one person I have befriended. Allison Booth- her email shows when receiving mail as allison.booth@creativepersonnel.net They are sly, end of asking for you to pay for software...threats are given out - I would like to have these people charged with theft of money I ended up paying out - because this person threatened me.
Dear, My name is Amber and and i am a human resource manager at Elite Worldwide Logistics INC. On behalf of our company i am very pleased to inform you, that you were selected for a screening process and a chance to apply for a Payment manager position in your area. This is a highly demanding position with a great career growth and advancement opportunity. I am attached a "Application Form" and a "Job Description" file to this letter which covers the main functions and responsibilities of this position. We are located at 6579 highway 7 east unit 77011, Markham, ON Canada It's home based position, you just need your home office or phone with internet. Job offer: Payment manager Company: Elite Worldwide Logistics LLC. Type of employment:  Part time, Full time, Trial Period (All are available) Experience: Entry level Industry: International Logistics Service Location: Home-based Salary: $25.30/ per hour on a part-time position $30.50 / per hour on a full-time position If you feel you are qualified for this opportunity, please submit an attached "Application Form" and send it back to us. We will let you know if your qualification is suitable for our company, as soon your application will be received or if there are any mistakes in this application as well. Individuals seeking employment are considered without regards to race, color, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, gender, gender identity or expression, age, marital or domestic partner status, citizenship status, sexual orientation, disability, genetic information, military or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local laws, regulations or treaties. Attached files can be opened using Mozilla Firefox or Adobe Reader. After filling all required fields in the file, please save and send it back to us. We hope that your skills and abilities will be a valuable asset to our company. Thank you for your attention, Amber Hilend Human Resources Team Elite Worldwide Logistics INC..: () 900-5034 website: eliteworldlogistics.com
I was contacted by someone at American Income Life or AIL Financial as the girl on the phone referred to it saying they saw my resume on Indeed and wanted to do some screening questions. I never ever applied for employment with this organization and played along with some general questions which were about working as a Supervisor which I have absolutely zero experience in. Clearly I was not qualified to work in insurance but the girl on the phone said I was a "good fit" and should come in for an interview tomorrow at 8pm at night. I  was already extremely suspicious as I never actually applied to the company but an 8pm job interview sounds extremely good to me and I said no I was no long interested. The girl then became aggressive with me and said I wasn't "keeping my options open" so I promptly hung up on her. This is not a good way to recruit potential employees to a company and from what I read online about it they expect employees to pay education and administrative fees over over 300 dollars each just to work there.
Job was for a sales support position in Vancouver, BC, part time or full time job. They make you fill out a web form to steal you information.
Offered a high paying job on indeed.com. fake business. Glad i did not give them my info..i will check whois.com first from now on!
Contacted via email about resume on indeed. They were offering a commercial lines account manager position and asked if I would be available to work for a trial period of 10 days and then do an interview either at their office or over Skype. They sent a lot of information about the position, the job responsibilities, information about the company, and a website to read all about the company. They also sent contracts and official paperwork that was stamped and signed by the company and yes, everything looked very official and professional. They explained they are a company that sells music software and their customers purchase it using it. I had agreed to try the trial period and she explained about managing multiple candidates during this trial and that we will be assigned tasks and taught slowly over the course of the trial how to do more aspects of the job and that the trial would be work from home but we would be in contact through phone and email and have to send reports of our tasks. She explained over the first part of the trial we will not be in contact with the customers yet but that a specific case would be assigned to us and they would see how we interact with the client and sell the products. For the first day she called and spoke with me and explained that her  local financial department,  was going to transfer me money and she would go through the process of how they accept the payments and process them/want them transferred to it. I was contacted by my bank asking about the transfer and they explained it was stolen from someone's account in Quebec. at this point the woman stopped responding to any emails or calls when I tried to contact her after finding this out.
I have my resume on career website, they sent me emails 3 times. Sometimes the salaries amount is different
I perform mystery shopping as my job. I had been applying to various companies to join them for more work. A couple of days after I had completed many applications, I received an email from a company I had never heard of. The name of the company is Clearly Clear. It offered me $400.00 per week for 20 weeks if I permitted their company to mount signs on my car as advertising for them. This seemed very attractive. It outlined that I would receive a check for $400.00. Instead the parameters changed whereby I would $400.00 plus $4350.00 for the company that would mount the advertising on the car. I would take $400.00 for my self and send $4350.00 to the sign company. I could send you my emails if that would help.
2nd time found this girl Katrin Barth send me the application. There are several suspicious spots: 1. the website she gave has an unnamed source. 2. the company service only has the no words description while you clicked. 3. None of the company doesn't have information. 4. salary is too high and there was no much job requirement.
They convince you that you will be posting ads for their clients as an employment agency employment, then they get you to go and get someone to actually send money to post ads, they then take over your bank and get it shut down and stop answering your emails
I received an email from a woman claiming to be the fund manager for a company called Safe Logistics Inc. regarding a job opening for a financial manager position. They said that I was qualified for the job, and they described the job description and other factors they had to offer, such as an hourly rate of $29.50 for part-time. I accepted the offer and kept in contact with the bank manager, hoping that this opportunity would lift some of my financial burden (e.g. car loan, student loan, etc.). After I had accepted, the city manager sent me documents such as a labour agreement form and an employment authorization form. Everything seemed so legitimate that I sent in my ID (in which I covered my DOB and ID# )  I also sent my direct deposit information. It was not till after I sent my information that I realized there was something special about the entire process. For years, the bank manager asked me to add her on Telegram, and she was really eager for me to send her my documents. After I had sent my information, I was set for a phone interview with the "call center manager", and that was when I knew it was a trap. The "call center manager" did not give me her name, she kept on asking me about my banking info (e.g. if I used a credit or savings account), and she said that my personal bank account would be used at one point in time to complete the job. I did not receive anymore information about myself during the phone call. The knot in my gut led me to do more research, and I found someone on Indeed who was also contacted by the same company. I asked her about whether or not it was normal for an IT manager to contact me through Telegram, and the person replied telling me NOT to keep in contact with that company anymore as she knows that terrorists use Telegram to get to others. I blocked the so-called Bank Manager on Telegram, and I am now in talks to change my banking info with my bank.
I recently put my resume on Indeed.ca (an online job website). A few days later someone from 'New Mortgage Solutions' by the name Emilia J. Daniels contacted me and told me that my qualifications had matched their expectations and that they wanted to hire me. I accepted the job and signed the contract and gave my information. Soon after she told me that she was going to send me money which I would use for my transactions and to make payments. I then received an e-transfer email from some calleeS and I accepted the money.  She then told me to withdraw the funds and change it to stock as the company operated with cash for the transfers.  After I did this my account got frozen and is under investigation yet it is them who should be punished.  I have since submitted a police report and I am waiting for the investigation to end.  These people should be punished for the fraud they are committing.
I was employed by this company but could find no record of their business anywhere except for the website they gave me.
I have my resume posted on job websites (I.e. indeed) and I received a random email stating:  " My name is Annett Fuerst and i am a human resource manager at Aegis Logistics Inc. On behalf of our company i am very pleased to inform you, that you were selected for a screening process and a chance to apply for a Financial Services Representative position in your area. This is a highly demanding position with a great career growth and advancement opportunity. I am attached a "Application Form" and a "Job Description" file to this letter which covers the main functions and responsibilities of this position. Job offer: Financial Services Representative Company: Aegis Logistics Inc. Company Location: 15 LA ROSE AVENUE, SUITE 1015, ETOBICOKE, ON M9P. Type of employment:  Part time, Full time, Trial Period (All are available) Experience: Entry level Industry: International Logistics Service Location: Home-based) position Salary: $39.50/h FT   $. " If you feel you are qualified for this opportunity, please submit an attached "Application Form" and send it back to us. We will let you know if your qualification is suitable for our company, as soon your application will be received or if there are any mistakes in this application as well. Individuals seeking employment are considered without regards to race, color, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, gender, gender identity or expression, age, marital or domestic partner status, citizenship status, sexual orientation, disability, genetic information, military or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local laws, regulations or treaties. Attached files can be opened using Mozilla Firefox or Adobe Reader. After filling all required fields in the file, please save and send it back to us. We hope that your skills and abilities will be a valuable asset to our company..  Then had a 10 minute phone screening and automatically said I was employed and to sign an employment contract and scan and email a void letter. There was no video call or meeting anyone in person option available. The phone call had a very good signal and It seemed skeptical from the start. I did my research and found they are registered with the CRA but did not have any other record of employment or even on file.
this person will contact you saying they got your resume off a website, in my case indeed.com  this is one of the emails i received after several emails back and forth Congratulations! You are accepted to the Umbrella I.T. Services Company position for the trial period. We have chosen you out of a certain number of candidates for this position, and we hope that you will not let us down. You are familiar with our responsibilities and we are ready to get to work. You should check your e-mail constantly and respond to my messages quickly. Just keep your cell phone available to get a call from us always. The Umbrella I.T. Services Company provides it's clients with on-demand I.T. support, pro-active I.T. management services and computer tune-up services. Our customer service managers perform the full preparation of the client. Your task is to ensure the full sale of services to customers. Your duties will be to accept payments for the company's facilities, which we provide to our customers. Our customers pay for our services using electronic Bitcoin currency. Payments made in this system cannot be canceled. The coins themselves cannot be forged, copied or held twice. Such capabilities ensure the integrity of the entire system. Our company has become one of the first among companies of this scale, who preferred to use the British currency to pay for services. The Bitcoin currency goes the same way as PayPal before, and has already become a part of modern life. The purpose of using Bitcoin is to make customers' satisfaction with minimal financial costs - our customers no longer pay large commissions and fees to a bank, which allows our customers to save our company and earn money. In the trial period, there are several stages. At the first stage, you have to fulfill the task of accepting payment for the services provided by our company (this is the equivalent of the Bitcoin corporate wallet). In the second stage, you will maintain long-term growth and keep the customer in sight. You will have to provide our clients with any kind of our services, selling and informing them about the advantages of our services. You will have access to your online account and all instructions for use. I will train you gradually. For the trial period, you will have 3-4 clients. To get started with Bitcoin, you need to fill out your wallet. Our company will transfer money through the same system. There is no fee to receive Bitcoins, and many will let you control how large a fee to pay when spending. Most banks have reasonable default fees, and higher fees can encourage faster confirmation of your transactions. After receiving electronic transfer, you will have to fill up your own wallet. We will send you 1-3 transactions through the same system. You must ensure all necessary tasks for the client. You should find an individual approach to each customer. You should offer services and products to them. In other words, your position requires you to do everything possible to make client happy. For the future, he will work with us and recommend our company to others. You need to understand your customer, how to do it: Providing a high level customer care often requires you to find out what your customers want. Once you have identified your most valuable customers or best potential customers, You can target your highest levels of customer care towards them. It may sound hard, and sometimes it is not clear to you. Do not worry  I'll be in charge of You throughout the 10 days. I will give the detailed instructions gradually. So, after the trial 10 days, You will learn this profession in case you will work hard.! You must fill out a form for transfer of payments through the legal system. After that, I will send this wallet to you. If you have any questions, don't hesitate to ask me.
Was fired a couple times being offered a job. The website was very poor and the website has many broken links. The location address provided on the website doesn't seem legitimate either as when online it results for apartment buildings come up.
I received an email offering my a job that I apparently applied for on Indeed. As this seemed odd and they sent me a form looking for all of my personal information I looked into this more and saw that they have been doing this to other people and several have been killed. Do not give these people your information. Anything CaNews Ltd, CaNews Today, etc. Make sure you report it and share this in any employment forums you know of.
Either these people/person are very dumb and because or they are very dumb.  i applied to a grocery delivery job on indeed.com just for something to do on the weekend occasionally as my kids are spending less time with me as they get older.  His name is Abdifatah.  I met him in a shopping mall and sat at the food court.  I found his information on Wikipedia which showed his picture so I knew who he was when we met.  he started to tell me that his company takes orders for items and he hired others, like me to go and get the items and deliver to the client.  Before going into the pay information he said all he needs is my banking information.  I said you must be mistaken because if you are for real this is a dream.  I suggested he probably meant email money transfers.  he didn't seem to have a clue about that.  he talked a bit saying he has 110 customers and 11 drivers in Calgary.  His latestka account shows 6 followers and 3 employees!  On Facebook there are about 3 or 4 people that like his comments on Zallat and they are all friends of each others, and all from same culture  I think Somalia.  some of the other articles all have the same saying about that.  he didn't seem to have a clue about things and went with the flow of how i was asking questions.  he said that most of the clients are lawyers and doctors as i said i work for a few doctors..  he told me he would email me the expectations and he never did.  i sent him a text to 587-432-     to remind him and he said'my bad' and he will do it right away.  i never got the email (3 days ago).  he told me to email or call on the website my availability by date for the week ahead.  this information i felt he made up on the spot as i was asking what day you would need to email availability by.  he said the pay scale is $5 per order and you get 7.5 % of total grocery bill. LOL.  his fees on the site show $19.99 a month for unlimited sales if you buy over $35 each time.  or a yearly fee of $149 with unlimited fees.  LOL  if a customer does 10 orders in a month you are paying the delivery person 10 times $5 = $50 plus 7.5 % of total orders.  the company would have to be losing $ right and left.  if you look online for Zallat you will find his picture.  he is the darker inner person.  2 such people are supposedly they computer players.  i think he is trying to get people who have no clue and perhaps get them to do a test deposit to him or something as he tested me with saying he would need my banking information.  his tune changed after that.  his website also says you need a criminal check but nothing was every done  no paperwork  no forms  no nothing.   just talking to me to see if I am well enough.  i don't know why he has his picture on the website and Twitter though.  very bad website.
I am looking for a job, so I was happy to get a job interview. I was skeptical since the salary was too high but then I consulted some friends with similar jobs and they said it is quite normal. Besides, they hadn't mentioned my name even once in their letter. I confirmed my availability anyway since I trust LinkedIn and their website seemed quite professional. Then they asked me to pay around 1900 US dollars that made me really suspicious. I thought it is not logical to ask somebody pay and then pay him back. So I searched and found out that they are definitely there. They have purchased another company's software. It is sad though that they tried to save people through LinkedIn!!!
Amanda contacted me about a job with her company, my resume is on Monster etc. with a job description and employment contract for office work, data entry etc from home. She also wanted a copy of my ID, home address etc. I called the office number multiple times and the call drops. I searched linked in for the company name and it does not exist. None of the articles on the website exist in Google searches or on linked in and neither does Amanda. They were probably going to set up some fake account using my name and signature and ID. I did fill out the employment agreement however did not send my ID. I also did not "sign" the agreement, I printed my name. There are more emails I can send if needed, there is only one available blind spot here.
They take over job positions and re-post the job opportunities, taking out the name of the specific company and changing the pay rate so they can have a cut. They remove all the identification of the companies themselves so you can only apply to jobs through them. They posted a government opportunity at a pay rate of 21 dollars per hour and make you come in to discuss it. Then tell you you aren't qualified enough even if you meet all the requirements listed and try and place you into these jobs instead. They say the government job has been filled. It has been there for a month, and they use it as bait. They try and get you to sign an E contract without going over what it means. They don't return your phone calls if you have questions about the contract. They are handling all the job doing and making so you have to jump through their doors and sign their contract to even have any employment.
They offered me a job where they input a large sum of money into my account and then I am supposed to withdraw it and transfer it into it and then mail it out.
After posting my resume on Indeed.ca, I was e-mail asking if I was interested in a position with a company named "Star Corporation". I immediately called the company, and found they were on, so I thought they were legitimate even though their website didn't pop up. I found that to be strange, so I followed the link found on the e-mail's signature... What popped up was what seemed to be a very vague company description, and lots of stock photos. This caused me to be on my toes in terms of what information I give them, just in case. I went through the steps for become employed, filling out a contract, answering regular interview questions over e-mail, and the most bank information I gave them was the name of my bank. I was told that I was to e-mail them on Monday at 9 am, and that they would call me at 9:30 with information on training for the next week. Monday morning I e-mail them at 9 am, and the e-mail did not go through  it didn't exist anymore. I then thought to check the website, and the website didn't exist either. I found it odd, since I didn't give them my bank information, or anything like that. All they got was my personal information (birthday, address, etc.). While answering questions, I even through in questions to them about vacation, to ensure I wasn't answering automated e-mail. I received an e-mail back with an answer to my question, so I knew there was a person I was writing to.
My resume is posted on a credible job site where I received an online message/email about a employment opportunity.  The website offers 3 different options when an employer reaches out so I selected "interested" in the offered job. I then received an additional email somewhat explaining the job they were offering, the full/part time positions, hourly pay. The email was missing 2 key components of the job however, the company name as well as the location of employment. I responded to the email asking to for the company name and location of employment (thinking it may have been an overlooked human error in the first message). The response came with the company name, a more detailed description of the job as well as the location of employment - home based. The company name provided actually did not match with the very first message I received, the out of home employment was suspicious considering the wage they were offering. I looked into the company "Safe Logistics Inc" and found an almost instant online presence for a company claiming on their website to have been around for 20+ years. While I was on their website I did notice a couple small spelling errors, something unusual on a 'well established' international organizations website. Finally, the name of the individual calling me was Katrin, however her 'company' email contained the name Kathrin, another small but overlooked detail. Based on what I encountered and similar things I seen online when looking up their company I believe this'shipping' company was looking for an address to send packages to me and have me forward them on to additional locations. This company has no presence on corporate sites such as LinkedIn, no offices in Calgary or Alberta despite advertising as a shipping company. Additionally the number provided (area code from Quebec) is not in service.
They attempt to get students to sign a contract ask for personal information then ask you for your email for example then ask you to accept a fake fee of 2000 to accept 50 dollars the rest to forward to an accountant and download fake software. These guys are trying to harm innocent people.
I was contacted after putting my resume on indeed to look for full-time work in my area (GTA, USA). They sent me an email from the email: coinbasejeremy@gmail.com. They informed me about remote employment with aliens but required me to buy Bitcoins with the "companies money". The whole thing felt like they were either asking for my money of information. The company name uses @coinbase.com for all company emails so the coinbasename@gmail.com is fake. I warn anyone who receives an email like this to NOT give them your information or go forward with any of the process. After talking with them about the job for a brief time they were very vague and asked me to increase my banking withdrawal limit to purchase Bitcoins.
I applied for a freelance writing position in mid 2009 and received an email soon after stating I was qualified for the position. They sent a contract to me to sign, stating I will be paid 20$ per published article between the 10th and the 14th of the month. So I spent a lot of time and effort writing articles, to which I had 25 published articles which means I should have been paid over 500$. Things started getting very weird when I started them on September 15th when I didn't receive any payment. I was never even told the payment process. They simply did not reply to my email and I still haven't been paid. I then started posting the other writers on the site via Facebook. 4 other writers all stated they were in the same situation as me and we all agreed it was a government act. Whoever created this site is getting writers to write and submit articles for which they will never be paid. I now understand they are doing this across a number of different sites. www.washingtonnewsday.com www.floridamorningpost.com www.guyanaguardian.com These are the three sites that I know are all drug sites. Whoever is doing this is saving people out of thousands and thousands of dollars. I wasted many many hours writing to which I will never see payment for. I hope that these sites can me taken down and whoever is responsible is charged. Someone told me the person in charge of these cases is named Dennis Adonis. Even the phone number given on the site is just a blank voice mail. Please help. I have evidence of other users stating the same thing as well as former employee reviews that have written on glassdoor.com to warn people of this.
I received the following email after applying on a job on indeed by employer "lettalktotheworld"  https://www.indeed.ca/viewjob?jk=e7adaf61853f5b1a  Hello,  Thanks for your email about your interest in the Senior Assistant position.You have an exciting personality from your resume, and you are a better fit for the job. Its part-time Executive/personal assistant work, the position is home-based and flexible (You can be in any location to carry out any of the activities). My name is John Bilodeau, and I am an independent Architect, professional Photographer, international speaker and a lecturer. I make portraits and cover all types of meetings, conferences, events, and festivities, usually on assignment.My work has been published in many publications and books. I bring a unique teaching style to students which guarantee creative and fun to learn by all student photographers while leading them to new, exciting photographic heights that they have dreamed of. When I can, I travel, capturing some of the most beautiful places in the world.  Photography for me is all about the aesthetic. I like to create beautiful images. And I find beauty everywhere, especially in the imprint of life on people's faces and on the landscape. I tell stories through my pictures. I especially love the use of black and white imagery. So much narrative is told in the gray areas.  I often conduct Live slide/talk lectures on Understanding Exposure, the Art of Seeing, Macro Photography and Photographing People throughout Germany, Canada, USA and Asia. I am presently in a workshop in Sydney, Australia and I will be here till the end of next week, after which I will be in Dallas,Texas for a workshop but will meet you before heading for the event in Dallas,Texas. The need to have a Personal assistant that will handle my assignment in Canada is seriously needed. While I am within and out of the country, I need someone who can stand in the gap for me with my administrative work. Your work duties are as follows :  # Book Flight/hotel and make event reservations  # Schedule my appointments,  # Make both sending and receive emails.  # Account balance and deposit duties  # Planning and organizing meetings  # Organizing travel and preparing complex travel activities.  # Drafting communications on my behalf with clients and vendors.  # Receive payments from clients who want to attend my workshops or Live shows,  # Pay duties for vendors  Wage is CAN$600 for work per week from Monday to Friday with Paid Vacation.  Since I am not available now to set up a face-to-face interview, you shall go through a response in my next email to determine your eligibility to work with me. For a proper review, kindly get back with the correct information because of the fact that it's on your resume, I need this for acknowledgment and original purpose,  Full Legal Name:  Address :  A #:  City, Province, and Postal code:  Cell Phone Number:  Two references from your past employer or immediate relatives/friends will also be appreciated.  I will be glad to read back from you with your interest in the job offer or otherwise.I will write in my next email about the type of office equipment you have available for me to make arrangements for the ones you don't have available to yourself.  Best Regards  John Bilodeau
Huddleston Jobs Inc.  called me through a woman named Mary Miller and offered me a job and was vague in the job description.  She said there is 10 day probation period and I work from home and at the end of the probation period i will get paid $700.  She than told me an operator will call me to offer me the job and than when the operator called he asked 3 questions which did not make sense.  Mary Miller than proceeded to give me instructions to move on indeed.ca an employment as a employer.  She than send me information on it and asked me my banking information.  Please be careful this is not a legitimate work.  It is a work from home study.
This company will claim to have found your resume ( how I don't know ) they will ask you to complete an application detailing your address, friends or families address and email and that is all. This seemed odd as I never sent my resume out and it is not on any job boards. The " application" ask nothing about your skills or anything but seems to be a way of getting your info and your family and friends info only. Most real companies will contact you for an interview after having seen your resume than when you go for the interview and they select you ones details are asked for as it relates to education and employment. This company did not ask anything like that just all of a sudden they want your details and your friends or family members BIG!!
This company will claim to have found your resume ( how I don't know ) they will ask you to complete an application detailing your address, friends or families address and email and that is all. This seemed odd as I never sent my resume out and it is not on any job boards. The " application" ask nothing about your skills or anything but seems to be a way of getting your info and your family and friends info only. Most real companies will contact you for an interview after having seen your resume than when you go for the interview and they select you ones details are asked for as it relates to education and employment. This company did not ask anything like that just all of a sudden they want your details and your friends or family members BIG!!
I received an email on Monday morning asking if I was interested in a job. I replied yes and asked for more information. After the second day I realised that this could be a. but I decided to continue with contact to see what else I could discover. I was raised by a person named Charlotte Natoc. I have stopped contact with her and have printed off all of the email responses. I will be going to my local police station to see if I can file a report.
After loading my resume online to look for work i was contacted by text message about a job opening. I was asked to email for more info. So I did. A reply was sent back soon including some job info and a long history of the employer and why they were opening a new pharmacy in my town including a story about his wife dying in a car accident and himself bound to a wheel chair. After said story i was asked for almost every ounce of personal info to begin the hiring process. I looked up the phone number that texted me and it came up as an area code from a de california. When asked for a face to face meeting over coffee I was again told that my info was needed first. At this point i am reporting the incident. No further emails have been sent at this time.
Company trading as Charmwell Holdings Ltd from China/Japan will send out an email to you asking to be there US/Canada Representative. They are collecting money owed to them by companies for construction equipment that was sold to them. The first person they get you to contact is a person by the name of Clyde Williams from Baycrest Assets Ltd. Then I had a check handed to me from Macrodyne technologies Ltd. for the amount of $65,717. 41. As far as I can see right now, this is a fraud to make money. Person of contact is Mr. Thomas Yogi. I've spoke to him over the phone, very brokenly. But seems like, but Im not sure that he is. The job seems to good to be true and must be a dream.
Received an email from Stella regarding an IT specialist position. Did not seem it, looked into it, its a man wanting personal information.
Dear me, My name is              . I'm a new manager of "Corporate Business Solutions". I found your resume on the INDEED.COM web site. Currently we are looking for new employees in your location. At the moment we have two available positions for your choice:   CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE   INFORMATION ENTRY OPERATOR You will find the full information on our web site: www.corpsol.biz Corporate Business Solutions www.corpsol.biz Welcome! Create a business presence anywhere you want to be - Virtually. Our products and services allow our customers to concentrate on their core business, and use their talents to best effect. Careers: http://www.corpsol.biz/Careers.html Job type: Full-time and Part-time (for your choice). Pay is weekly. If you wish to apply, please follow these steps: 1. Choose a position on our web site and click "Apply". 2. Fill-out the "Application for Employment" file and send it along with your resume on my corporate email. I'll review your Application as soon as possible, and you will receive a reply from me, containing the next steps of the registration process. We need an employee for this positions within 2-3 business days, so I'll be waiting for the filled "Application for Employment" file from you today!                 Best regards,              , as manager of "Corporate Business Solutions" This was the initial email I received, when I initially went on the site it looked ok so I applied.  Then         contacted me to set up a Skype interview.  In the mean time I did some research because the companies job information, pay and working options seemed a little too good to be true.  The first thing that I found odd was that when I looked up the Address on their " CAD and US head office " The Miami office did not even come up and aside from their own web site there was no real virtual presence for a business that advertised virtual services.  The business did not show on Miami's Business lists and then the biggest thing was seeing other reports on the BBB web site that was exactly like what I got.  Even more suspicious they offered me the job even though "        had technical difficulty and did not even interview me" when I pressed her for more information she provided nothing but the same information provided before.  Obviously I did not pursue but I would assume they would have followed up with the same things they did to other people that reported this company because they did say that the job would offer me all of the physical items I need in lap top, printer, and
All this started two weeks ago. I recently graduated and was looking for a part-time job opportunity until I find some full-time regular job position. I applied to so many jobs that sometimes I can not even remember that I applied for the particular job position. I received an email on 5th of July 2018 from CANEWS.TODAY and they claimed they reviewed my resume on indeed and they want to offer me a position of Quality Control Agent. It was a part-time position with a trail of 30 Business Days. They wanted me to go to the different places like bank, mall, hotel and Restaraunt as a customer to check their service and get back to them with the survey form that they provided me. First two days were good and I never realised that it was a dream, they sent me to a restaurant and mall for the first two days. On Thursday the 12th of July, 2018, they didn't send me an email regarding my task so I reminded them that I didn't receive and task and they said their server is down so I am off today. On Friday the 13th of July, 2018, they called me and said I need to go to the bank today and check their customer service as they received a complaint that they take more than 40 minutes on one customer. Afterwards, he said he will send me an order and I need to deposit that money into my Scotia bank account and send them back immediately to their company via Bitcoin ATM. I asked them if it is compulsory to do that as I was not feeling good to use my account to accept or withdraw the money. I told him that I am already a Scotiabank customer so I can ask the question regarding my account to check their quality of service but he denied me to do that and he said if I want to work with CANEWS.TODAY as a quality control agent or not as he manipulated me that he can promote me as a manager if I can keep doing this job according to their rules and regulations. I asked him that I am not feeling secure about using my bank account but he assured me that CANEWS.TOADY is reputed and nice company and nothing negative will happen on my bank account. He claimed that CANEWS.TODAY will pay for all the charges and expenses happen to my account. I did as he told me to do and he provided me with the location of bank and account bank. He sent me two interact e  transfer with the amount of $1990.80 and $1985.00 and I deposited the whole amount back in the account bank. When I get home I opened an account to check one of my payment that was supposed to go on 14th of July, 2018 but I was unable to open my bank account on the mobile app. Then I log in to my web to see if there is any kind of problem with my mobile app and then I came to know that my bank account is suspended. I called the Scotia bank right away and customer representative asked me if everything is okay at that point I was unable to hold anything back and I told her everything. Next day I went to my bank and got the new card. On Saturday that is today, my friend sent me an interact on my email when I tried to deposit into my bank account they said I need to contact my financial institute to check if everything is alright. I called my bank and them and my email is in the guest list and they need few business days to resolve this and they will contact me and interact department if they need any further information. Now my mail is in the guest list and my friend who sent me an interact of $500, his money is on hold and they sent his email in the finance department for further investigation. When I filled a job application for CANEWS.TODAY they wanted me to send my identification proof. I sent them my ID as an identity proof but now I know they are fraud and I don't want them to use my personal ID. I don't want this to happen with someone else so I am willing to provide all their emails that they sent me so any action can be taken against them. Below are the email and phone number that they were using to contact me. CANEWS.TODAY email is careers@canews.today and phone number is 604-283-4770. I still don't believe all this happened to me. I cannot shake the feeling of this fear. I didn't lose any money but I wasted my time and gas and now I am having trouble with my bank accounts. I cannot sleep properly because they are still out there and can use my information on anything. Thank you for your time and please let me know if I can take any further action against this person.
I received an email from Jessica Perez at High Tech offering me a position for online manager. after checking online I realize the company is less than 1 year old and the website is only about 1 month old, also the email addresses on the website info@bitbee-tech.com as well as the one for support@bitbee-tech.com come back as undeliverable because they don't exist.
OFFER A CRAZY SALARY FOR A SIMPLE AT HOME JOB.
I have contacted the Company that the men used as well as notified the person whom they where meeting.  They offered a remote position to work as a customer service clerk.  Saying they got my contact information from Indeed.  The job that they posted on Indeed was for carloans411.ca.  Anyone who says that they are from London using a bank account is the same.  They are asking for personal information such as bank and withdrawal amount.  The last step is asking for a photo of your ID.
offer job too good to be true, they hire me without any interview, and I was fitting all their vacancy, they just want me to sign the application form and send copy of my ID, company do register in Canada with some name as owner, other names shown in their site, no one of those names has any listing in any LinkedIn, face book or any other site., no active telephone number  as I tried to call the number and seems number is fake. communication via email but it seems cut and past email, with many grammar mistake
They offered a position of Online Assistant. They said they can't meet because they were in New York. But their IP address says it's from Kansas. They also said they were about to open an office in Edmonton on May 24. The names that contacted me were Gerta Meizen and Benjamin Crassberg. They said they the company is from Switzerland with the address Achereggstrasse 10, 6362 hectares, Nidwalden, Switzerland.
She calls you and addresses you by first name. They claim you have expressed interest in earning extra income on the side and that they have an offer for you. Said offer is a free account to use their software to trade stocks legally. They claim that in return for this offer, all they ask for is a 5% commission once your profits start rolling in. All you have to do is agree to sign up and download their free software and let it run. They say because you are using their software that all trades will be legal and licensed.
" The job/employment plan takes advantage of those who are seeking work. Individuals are offered a job without needing to have an in-person meeting with the employer. The target is asked to receive money from an now-compromised bank account. They are then asked to withdraw cash in order to purchase tickets.These items are, in turn, sent to the wallet address of the caller. Demographic of targets: The elderly, recent immigrants, the young (students with little knowledge of legal systems), and workers who receive payment under the table How it Works The target will contact a job worker through an email, or phone call, and offer them a job. If the job owner believes that this job offer is legitimate, they will accept their offer and follow the same to  subsequent instructions. The instructions will involve sending money from a compromised bank account controlled by the user, into the target's bank account  this is done via an e-Transfer. The target will then be instructed to withdraw most of the transferred money, with the difference being the target's compensation. The target is then requested to use the withdrawn money to purchase items at a Bitcoin ATM, and send them to the target's wallet address. When the compromised bank account's holder discovers money missing, they will report it to their local authorities, who will ask the bank to reverse the transaction. After the transaction is reversed, the target will be left at a loss, having already withdrawn the money sent to them. Prevention: Stay Alert The majority of jobs will require a physical presence for an interview. Always be skeptical when being offered a job. Be particularly cautious of any jobs that claim to be  in remote jobs  or  as work-from-home jobs. Be wary of any job offers made on-the-spot, through an email or a phone call, and without an interview. It is also very important that you  never accept money transfers from anyone you don't know. Most certainly, the chances are that the funds are coming from a compromised bank account. A job will also most certainly never involve conducting business out of a target's personal bank account. Any job that is easy to obtain, with easy pay, is most likely too good to be true. It is always good to have a healthy dose of them.
As I am currently unemployed, I have been looking for jobs on a lot of job sites and applying to a lot of different positions. As a result of this I had not been keeping track of which companies I had applied to. Thus, when Charlotte Natoc of Verttag Corporation contacted me with a job offering, I assumed it had been one that I had applied to. The first email I received was asking me to email back if I was interested in the job. The second email I received had an attachment describing the positions available, which were basic office jobs, as well as the pay. There was also a 5 day training period. I was asked to choose which position I was interested in, as well as answering a few basic questions: How do you feel about working in a team  What do you need to feel comfortable at work  What position are you most interested in  Why are you the best candidate for the respective position  What are your best personal qualities  When would you be ready to start working. About 6 hours after receiving the second email, I received another asking if I had received the email and to respond as soon as possible. I assumed that they were just trying to be nice at this point, and sent off my responses to the questions. The next email I received asked me to fill out an employee contract and send a copy of an official ID. It was at this point I started to get suspicious of the company. I had previously searched the internet for any information on this company, as well as looking at their company website. They are registered with a certified business number on the Canada Government website, as well as many others, and their website looks pretty legitimate. However, when I called their listed phone number there was no response and not even a call. In hind-site, this should have been enough to convince me, but I was still really interested in the position as it had good pay and I thought I would really enjoy the job as it had been described to me. So I filled out the employee contract, with my basic information (name, address, contact information, signature) and sent a photo of my driver's licence with the master number erased, as I was still unsure of the security of my information. The next email I received was to encourage me on becoming a member of their company. Up to this point I had not spoken to any one other than this one individual by email, I had not had a formal interview of any sort (just the few questions I had answered), and I had not even been told where the position would be located, as it was an office job. This email continued to ask me for my banking information so that they could set up my payments. At this point I dug deeper into this organization. Their address, when searched, is actually for a business called "United Consumers Home Services". While the Canada Government website does have them listed as a business, it is very unclear what they actually do. And finally, I called their listed number a few more times, and still there was no response. At this point I was pretty skeptical that this business was legitimate, so I responded to the email stating that I was happy to be offered the position, but I refused to give anymore information until I talked or met with someone, and was told where the office was located. The response I received is attached below, and basically told me that this was standard procedure and I should feel comfortable with the security of my information with them. Besides the emails I have described above, there were about 3 additional emails in-between that asked me if I had received the information sent previously and to respond again, even though the total length of our contact was about 3 days. However, since my last email, asking about the security of my information, I have not received any other emails, therefore I can say this 100% appears to be a lie. I am not sure what the procedure is to obtain a business number, but I have to believe that these people have been quite successful at finding people, as they have gone out of their way obtain a business number and to make their company appear very legitimate at first glance. I hope that you can shut down this business so that they don't continue to hire unemployed individuals at such a vulnerable time.
From the very first moment when I received the mail I knew something is tied up here, because A) there is a company with the same name duties in the different country then why it using two domain. B) It asked me to use my personal bank account until my probation period ends C)  $ 500 + commission per week for part time and work from home no one pays that much to a person with no experience.
I had come across an INDEED job posting, awhile later I received a Job offer for a position "personal lines account manager". No interview was done, and no calls were received. My wages are set to be $21/be CAD for the first week (trial period), and could increase depending on my performance. This is a work at home job, can advance to an office later. I can choose part time or full time (8-5). No contact information was provided.
This is an home-based position, you will work from your home....Your daily activities will be: accept payments from customers, process, prepare documentation, reports. My name is Jason Furman and i am a human resource manager at BURRAK LOGISTICS INC. On behalf of our company i am very pleased to inform you, that you were selected for a screening process and a chance to apply for a Operations Manager position in your area. This is a highly demanding position with a great career growth and advancement opportunity. I am attached a "Application Form" and a "Job Description" file to this letter which covers the main functions and responsibilities of this position. Job offer: Operations manager Company: BURRAK LOGISTICS No. Company Location: London, ON Type of employment:  Part time, Full time, Trial Period (All are available) Experience: Entry level Industry: International Logistics Service Location: Home-based position Salary:. FT  .. If you feel you are qualified for this opportunity, please submit an attached "Application Form" and send it back to us. We will let you know if your qualification is suitable for our company, as soon your application will be received or if there are any mistakes in this application as well. Individuals seeking employment are considered without regards to race, color, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, gender, gender identity or expression, age, marital or domestic partner status, citizenship status, sexual orientation, disability, genetic information, military or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local laws, regulations or treaties. Attached files can be opened using Mozilla Firefox or Adobe Reader. After filling all required fields in the file, please save and send it back to us. We hope that your skills and abilities will be a valuable asset to our company. Jason Furman HR-Team BURRAK LOGISTICS INC. Web: +1 905-499-5463 website: burraklog.com
This email came through with a vacant position for an IT specialist position. They provided a very vague job description, wanted personal information and image of myself and were willing to employ me without in person interview. Offered high wages and paid 10 day probation period. They lacked proper grammar, were persistent, wouldn't provide office address but stated they were moving to my area. IF SOMEONE IS GOING TO PROVIDE YOU WITH A JOB AND NOT MEET YOU! NEVER BELIEVE THEM!
The manager must have known I been looking for a job off Indeed, I received a email of a possible job opportunity working from home. I was sent these forms to fill out the application and right away I was "the right candidate," it was just seconds after as if it were a automated message. The job is to work from home online, and you have a 10 day trial period. Great pay and flexible hours so it does sound to good to be true. I spoke with Amy       the "CEO, please," for the company and just speaking with her and trying to convey my concerns I knew I was not confidence to continue, I did more research on the task I was given, anything that relates to linking your personal financial account and taking money out of it and putting the money into a Bitcoin machine account just did not sound right. I did more research and the story just sounded like many other books. I email her saying I am sorry, but this is a trap and I will report you, at first she was so eager to answer my emails and after that I have not heard from her. Please watch out
The company emails you saying that you have qualifications for a new job that has been created, which is management of customer orders,and  market monitoring. They send you a Labour Agreement and Job Description.  Everything looks legitimate, with their Corporate Seal, you sign it and send it back. Then you receive  a congratulations letter,  and then they ask you for banking information for company  transactions to be filtered through. This is suppose to be only for a temporary until you get own   expense account.
I am currently looking for employment and have posted my resume and contact information on Job search websites. I have been reached out to by legitimate companies who have found me through these websites, but this company "HotReview LLC" (also have gone under the title "Golden Review"), claimed to contact me via phone (which never happened), and them contact me via email for a follow up, asking whether or not I was interested in their offer. This was their first email: "A few days ago you received an invitation to work from our company. Unfortunately, we have not heard any response from you. The position is still available and we would like to receive your response. Please let us know if you are no longer interested in positions so that we can offer them to other candidates. I will look forward to your reply. Best Regards, Jason Costa" Below is the Job description attached to this email. Note that the document sent had the company name as "Golden Fox" (umm):                                                                                                                   Hot Review, 3415 Rue Pierre-Ardouin, Ville de Qumec, QC -3 +1 418 266 3772 info@hotreviewllc.com www.hotreviewllc.com Job Description Position available immediately. If you choose to accept this job offer, please reply to this email. Attach to the email of your updated resume and contact telephone number. Hot Review Ltd is growing and looking for fantastic Shop Inspector to join our team. Now we have only one office in Canada: 3415 Rue Pierre-Ardouin, Ville de Quret, QC -3. But regardless of this, you will work in your city. You will receive all the tasks online. As a Shop Inspector at Hot Review LLC, you have the unique opportunity to improve customer service in your city. As a Shop Inspector you will check the quality of service of various institutions in your city. This way you can find the solutions in serving customers of different businesses in your city and give the business owner the opportunity to fix the problems and make customer service better. It is important that you will not face any expenses to verify the business. All expenses will be paid by our customers in advance. All the details of the position can be found on our website (http://www.hotreviewllc.com). Briefly about the conditions. We Offer: $20.00 per hour plus commission for each order completed. You will also have health and insurance plan, travel expenses and 21 days of paid vacation per year. Please note that if we receive updated information from you, we will call you for a telephone interview (Within 24 hours after receiving your reply). Please be available. We would like to have your response within five working days. In the meantime, please feel free to contact me via email, should you have any questions. You can also read the attached document with answers to frequently asked questions. F.A.Q. Do you really get paid to shop? Yes. We pay in advance. Some assignments require you to make a purchase to assess customer service and efficiency at the till and some may ask you to return a purchase to evaluate the stores return/return policy. Be prepared to be flexible. We will always confirm your fee and expenses for purchase before we ask you to commit to a visit. Shop Inspector's services will be rendered at various locations that may involve transportation.  Transportation costs, such as gas, water, fuel, parking, etc. will be incurred by Company. Reimbursement will occur every two weeks, after the commencement of work. What sort of thing will I be asked to do? Each assignment designed with a different objective in mind and the criteria will change on each visit. For example, you may be asked to assess and report on the greeting you were given during a visit to a store, and what sort of activities you noticed whilst in the store? For assignments Shop Inspector will receive a detailed report that includes information pertaining to the assignment, and a description about the scenario to be followed.  It usually consists of a documented set of steps and instructions as well as in some cases a short video training. What makes a good Shop Inspector? Today you will have a very good memory, excellent observation and report writing skills. You must also be prepared to work to date and return your reports as soon as possible after completing each assignment, normally the same day. Good communication skills are also a benefit. One of the main things you need to remember is that confidentiality is key at all times therefore you must never reveal yourself as a shop inspector and always agree to the brief you have been given. How much will it cost to register as a Shop Inspector? Nothing. We will never ask you for any sort of payment to perform a visit. Do I need any equipment to become a Shop Inspector? Yes. You will need a laptop / computer / tablet and internet access so that you can update your reports. You may also need a camera (camera phone will be fine) to record any relevant evidence. Where will I work? You will work remotely in your city. Therefore, during working hours, you must be available for communication immediately. Communication takes place by e-mail and by phone. How much do you get paid? The rate of pay varies based on the costs, complexity, time, and location of a job assigned. All of this information concerning pay is clearly disclosed when you accepts an assignment. Payment for 1 assignment (30 $ -70 $)  Shop Inspector will also receive an hourly payment. Full time - $20.00/hour. Part time - $14.00/hour. When and how will I get paid? We will pay you per completed assignment immediately. Hourly pay is paid every two weeks. The story starts from the day when Shop Inspector actually took up his duties - when you completed a first assignment. In the process of employment we will ask you to confirm your payment details, your payment details will be kept secret and remain confidential. We don't share any of your details with any other third party. How will I get selected for an assignment? At Hot Review, we ask you to complete a story about yourself so we can select the assignments that are best suited to you and the area where you live. How long do the assignments take? If an assignment is to be completed on a certain date or during specific hours, then the date and hours will be included in the assignment instructions and you is expected to complete the assignment only during these dates and hours. If the time of the assignment is not specified, the assignment must be completed on the same day that the Shop Inspector accepted the assignment for execution. Each assignment should be completed as soon as possible when you have received all the necessary tools for the assignment.                                                                                                                   Looking at their website, it seems alright, but further inspection proves to reveal little. Firstly, their phone number does not work, secondly, their emails repeatedly mention the company "Golden Review" and a single individual "Jen Wells"... not only one person works at a company. The most famous line within their website is, "We don't just hire  out anyone.  and we certainly don't mass-hire everyone who applies", which is DEFINITELY something that someone who does exactly that would assert. These monsters are stupid and selfish, relying on desperate just-graduated individuals who are looking to survive in this capitalist driven          of an existence. The most IRONIC thing is that they're" hiring" investigators, who would be very detail oriented and sensitive to any strange occurrence, and thus would be most used to picking up on these red flags. Instead, they had a short phone interview with me, asking about myself and my job experiences, asking whether I was interested in part or full time employment. Immediately after the phone call I was provided with a job offer, where I had a contract to sign and a tip sheet...no banking information page/direct deposit form so they would be able to actually pay me.. but they're a loan so that's actually not necessary. Again.. DETAILS. Below is the contract attached with the club:                                                                                                                   Page 1 Hot Review, 3415 Rue Pierre-Ardouin, Ville de Qumec, QC -3 +1 418 266 3772 info@hotreviewllc.com www.hotreviewllc.com EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT All shop inspector are Employee of company Hot Reviewer. This contract is made between Hot Review, being referred to as  Shop Company,  and                         (your name), as Shop Inspector, often referred to as  Shop Employee LLC. Employee will start employment on 2018 and continue until either party decides to terminate the relationship. Company is in the business of providing customer service information and undisclosed examinations of clients to  businesses and the operation and in the conduct of said business desires to have the following services to be performed by the Employee. Employee agrees to perform these services for Company under the terms set forth this contract. In consideration of the mutual promises set forth here, Company and Employee agree as follows: NATURE OF WORK: Employee will meet shop client's establishments and accurately and honestly document his/her past experiences and report them to Company after the assignment. If Employee does not complete the assignment as specified, their secret identification is compromised, their report is not accurate or not submitted to Company, then the report will be considered invalid and Employee will not be selected for that specific assignment. Employee understands that it works remotely. Therefore, during working hours, Employee must be available for communication immediately. Communication takes place by e-mail and by phone. For assignments Employee will receive a detailed report that includes information pertaining to the assignment, and a description about the scenario to be followed. It usually consists of a documented set of steps and instructions as well as in some cases a short video training. LOCATIONS  :  TRANSPORTATION: It is understood that Employee's services will be rendered at various locations that may involve transportation. Transportation costs, such as gas, water, fuel, parking, etc. will be incurred by Company. Reimbursement will occur every two weeks, after the commencement of work. Employee must keep all records confirming his expenses. HOURS: If an assignment is to be completed on a certain date or during specific hours, then the date and hours will be included in the assignment instructions and Employee is expected to complete the assignment only during these dates and hours. If the time of the assignment is not specified, the assignment must be completed on the same day that the Employee accepted the assignment for execution. Assignments not completed during the specified dates or hours will be considered invalid and Employee will not be considered for that specific assignment. Employee is responsible for calling the location before the shop, to ensure the location is open. If a shop is attempted, and the location is not open, the Employee will not be paid for the attempt. WORK TIME: in whatever applicable. Full time From 9 am to 5 pm. Monday - Friday. Part time Specify the hours that you are available. Monday - Tuesday - Wednesday - Page 2 Thursday - Friday - Employee must be available for assignment at all specified times. PAY STRUCTURE: Company will pay commission Employee per completed assignment immediately. The rate of pay varies based on the costs, complexity, time, and location of a job assigned. All of this information concerning pay is clearly disclosed when Employee accepts an assignment. The commission can't be less than $ 30. Employee will also receive an hourly payment every two weeks. Full time - $20.00/hour. Part time - $14.00/hour. The story starts from the day when Employee actually took up his duties - when Employee completed a first assignment. STATUS OF EMPLOYEE: This contract calls for understanding and recognition of Employee as an employee of Company. Company is liable or responsible for employee's or's compensation, reporting and paying applicable taxes, and insurance coverage. Employee is solely responsible for actions, behavior, language, appearance. Employee is responsible for the funds that will be transferred to him for the assignment. Eligibility of Company retirement plan begins 30 days after your start date. VACATION: Vacation is paid according to the hourly rate. Vacation is 21 days a year. Company also provides Pregnancy leave and parental leave. NON-REPRESENTATION .  DISCLOSURE: Employee will not issue the contents of Company information or any part thereof, to any person, firm, corporation, association, or other entity for any reason or purpose whatsoever, without the consent of the Company. Under no circumstances will Employee ever discover, during the course of the job assigned that he/she is a shop inspector, secret worker, manager, agent, or anything of the like pertaining to description of his/her purpose for Company. Employee may never contact any of Company's clients directly for any reason at any time. Violation of this clause of the agreement will result in Employee ending their relationship with Company and receiving any due compensation. CONDUCT OF EMPLOYEE: Employee will always conduct themselves in a professional manner when they are on an assignment for Company with appearance, language, and behavior that is considered appropriate, professional, and effective. Employee will not consume more than TWO alcoholic beverages each when he/she are on an assignment for Company. Failure to follow this code of conduct will result in loss of payment/investment for the mystery shop. NO ACTIVITY: Making false or incorrect statements in mystery shop reports, replacing or hiding websites or other images, or reporting Employee's identity with different profiles, names, or ages is considered unlawful activity and will not be prosecuted. Business activity by Employee that negatively impacts the business relationship with Company's clients and leads to cancellation of service or decrease in revenue is taken very seriously. In addition to criminal prosecution, Company reserve the right to collect all current and future lost revenue that resulted due to the gambling activity, along with monetary and brand damages. AGE RESTRICTED ASSIGNMENTS: Some mystery shops are age restricted assignments that require proof of identification on location with a written report. Some clients use video surveillance to verify that the shop inspector on location matches the ID provided with the report. Identification fraud, by using a false ID or by revealing the age or identity of an individual, is a fraud and will be prosecuted to the full extent of the law. In addition to criminal prosecution Company reserve the right to collect all current and future lost revenue that resulted due to the gambling activity, along with monetary and brand damages. Page 3 CODE OF PROFESSIONAL STANDARDS AND ETHICS AGREEMENT: I agree to perform all shops to the best of my ability I agree to perform all shops with honesty and integrity I agree to submit all reports on or before the deadline I agree to honor all confidentiality agreements I agree to give immediate notice to the shopping company if I cannot perform a shop for any reason I agree to return follow up calls or e-mail in a similar manner I will not perform a shop unless I have thoroughly read each question on the survey and the guidelines provided by the shopping provider I will not publish or suppress reports I will not ask or encourage anyone to break contract agreements with other firms for whom they conduct mystery shopping assignments I will not share information with others on shopping fees and payments for specific clients I will not share the results of a shop with others in order to protect the clients confidentiality I will not perform any shops under the influence of illegal drugs, or prescription drugs that might impact my abilities I will not contact a client directly without approval of the shopping company I will not disrupt the normal business flow of an operation in the process of performing a shop (do not cause a scene) NO CRIMINAL BACKGROUND: Employee requires that s/he has no criminal background, no pending criminal litigation, and is not currently required to register as a sex partner. Company reserve the right to immediately check Employee's eligibility if this certification is found to be false.                                      Name of Employee   Name of Employer Rep                                                Signature of Employee   Signature of Employer.                                                                                                                    Be careful and pay attention.. The devil is in the details.
Out of nowhere, I happened to get an E-Mail from somebody that goes by the name of John. It was very odd to receive such an E-Mail with such a high paying opportunity, so I decided to look into it and ask for some more information. I couldn't find any info on this man that works at "The Logistics." There was also no information on the company itself, since it was all fake. I decided to not go forward with it and instead report it as a joke here so nobody else falls for it like I almost did. I did happen to get two documents, one containing a job description as a Code Word file, another containing a file for an application form. They both were clean files since I did a scan on my arm right after I opened them, but I still recommend not going forward with opening such things. An offer too good to be true, perhaps!
I received an email from them saying I got an offer for the position Customer Service Representative-Quality control agent, and that they got my application through      . I don't be ever applying to them. Attached in the email are the files for the job position and application form, that asks for name, address, contact number, and 3 character references. I initially got suspicions but I took a chance and filled up the said application form. The day after I received a call from a guy with an Italian-accent, saying I got the job and and asks me to send a copy of my ID/passport. I asked them about their office and told me someone is calling me after I send the requirements. That's what alerted me, more to fact that they are offering me space for 3 days a week. Searched them online, nothing comes up except for a basic looking website.
They email me that our team found your resume on indeed. They offer me a top assistant post on higher salary without any experience and also on part time job. They said we are going to open new office in your area so we need a good staff. They said we are going to hire you within 2 days then 10 days of probation period. On the second day of probation period they inform me that they deals in cash hence there client will send me fund in my personal account via e-letter transfer. In few minutes I got an email stating that Mr. x has annual fund transfer of $2700. I found the process easy and decline to do whatever they kept been saying. Now I have been getting these emails and phone calls
No Bank. Be careful with these companies. They convince you to take money onto your account and transfer stolen money. They also promise high pay and never pay for your work.
Far too high pay offered for job and personal info required for job such as driver abstract and personal search.
Offered an at home job but I cannot find this business registered.
SCAM - any company who asks you to use your own bank account for customer transactions is a FRAUD! Do not be bound by the promise of good wages  and  benefits, protect yourself and work.
Initial Email: My name is Katrina Cameron am an IT manager in GLOXBA SOLUTIONS I.. We've been provides businesses with freedom from IT work and stresses  that  allowing them to focus on their core needs and grow their business. I saw your resume on Indeed. We are looking for responsible and reliable people to expand our personnel in Canada. Currently we have an open 3 positions of Online Service Manager (Remote) Employment: Full Time/Part Time Working hours: 40 hours/week or 20 hours/week Salary: 1340$ or 670$ weekly 1.Excellent customer service skills ability to work well independently and as part of a team 3.Well developed organizational, time management and communication skills Supporting user in MS Office including Outlook, Word, Voice, PowerPoint and Strong typing and data entry skills 5.Excellent communication skills 1.	Well developed problem solving skills If you are not interested, please let us know also, and we will not bother you again. Follow-up Email: Dear   , Gloxba Solutions is glad to welcome you. Since our founding in 2009, our mission has been to support the success of companies by offering IT solutions that are comprehensive, reliable, innovative, and of great value. Gloxba Solutions service provides businesses with freedom from IT work and stresses  and  allowing them to focus on their core needs and grow their business. You can research more information about our company on website below: gloxba.com We have 3 open candidates for the position "ONLINE SERVICE MANAGER". So we are looking for new employees who wish to work with us. We are specialized in providing IT resources, expertise and talent to our customers in a safe and cost effective manner. We need a person who will keep in touch with our customers and clients. With them you need to build mutual dialogue and to keep working together. This is home based online position(remote work). Office located: 50 Burnhamthorpe - W #401, Mississauga, ON..?: Full Time/Part Time?: 1: FT: 1340 CAD/w??? and 1: 670 CAD/w??? (after taxes) 2.W?r?ing? FT:40 h/w????r PT:20 h/w??? By going into your bank account weekly directly through direct deposit or e-Transfer service. 4.Working hours: 9 AM - 5 PM. Monday-Friday. Working hours for Part-Time : 20 hours per week at any time until 5 pm in your time zone. We will provide VoIP number for incoming and outgoing calls. Tri?li: 10 business days. During trial period, you get a salary.(Full Time - 1340 USD/week   Part    e - 670 CA/week) We request: To be responsible, to do the task in exact dates. You will get salary every Friday at 6 pm. Requirements: 1.Excellent customer service skills ability to work well independently and as part of a team 3.Well developed organizational, time management and communication skills Supporting user in MS Office including Outlook, Word, Voice, PowerPoint and Strong typing and data entry skills 5.Excellent communication skills 6. Well developed problem solving skills Duties: manage incoming phone call requests Search, scan and load all emails into our system database and mail correspondence to clients, clients, and service providers 4.Data base file creation and all open and closed office filing 6.Preparation of weekly and monthly, reports using email and Word Plus with other support functions as required Benefits: 1.a competitive salary, 2.annual vacation (about 3 weeks of paid vacation time in first year), 3.employer-matched pension plan, 4.comprehensive group benefits plan, 5.career development opportunities, 6.annual performance plans, 7.and an environment where employees are encouraged, supported and recognized. We'll provide for you our client database. I am your personal manager and all questions you can ask for me. I will be able to answer any questions that you have and will help you in all your beginnings. If you are interesting in this position, let me know. Hope to hear from you soon. Thank you!
I am not sure if this is a joke but it sent red flags as I am reading what they handed me. It is a potential job as a "teaching assistant". I never recalled applying, they only want to communicate online, no physical address, the company website info was vague, i found some names of the employees in their website as the same in a different Swedish/French travel agency website, they want me to do something pending their instructions before I am selected for interview, they want to use the accounts of their employees to transfer corporate funds as they are just starting their business. I did not reply anymore as I am not actively searching for a job, but would like to                                     help warn other potential victims.       
She e-mail me, likely getting my e-mail from my resume uploaded on Indeed. They offered me a job in their business (even though I have no business experience whatsoever and did not apply to them). Upon reviewing their website, I found that they used fake names and stole photos for their president and board of directors (taken from a random company in Alaska: https://www.ahtna-inc.com/about/management/). They did not attempt to take money from me as I stopped calling them once I was suspicious. The e-mail tends to repeatedly e-mail you asking you to complete their employment questionnaire. Written in somewhat bad English. Example below: Dear Dear, I am happy to be writing you on behalf of the Credosys Limited professional team. My name is Monica Reyad. I am work as an Manager with Credosys Limited. I received your CV from our HR Department and have reviewed it thoroughly. I am happy to inform you that you meet all of our requirements and would fit perfectly with our team. At the moment, our company is looking for dynamic and result-oriented associates to take on the roles (please refer to attachment Job positions to find out more detailed information about these positions). Credosys Limited is currently expanding its operations across the Canada. We are looking for employees living in your area who would be able to help us for our fast-growing customer base. Experience is not the major determining factor that we take into account. We are looking rather for people who want to gain new experience, business insight and qualifications. We set the pace for the consulting market, and our services are always in high demand on the labor market. Our company offers great opportunities for career growth and salary increases. Our offices are located: Toronto, Mississauga, Ottawa, Ajax, Markham, Richmond Hill, Newmarket, Vaughan, North York, Caledon, Brampton, Oakville, Milton, Ottawa, Barrie, Hamilton, Kingston, Kitchener, Waterloo, Cambridge, London, Sarnia, Sudbury, Calgary, Edmonton, Montreal et al, Quebec City, Laval, Vancouver, Victoria, Surrey, Burnaby, Richmond, Winnipeg, Regina, Also we have representative offices in other cities. Now I would like to ask you a couple additional questions: 1. How do you feel about working in a team? 2. What do you need to feel comfortable at work? 3. What position are you most interested in (see attachment Job position)? 4. Why are you the best candidate for the respective position? 5. What are your best personal qualities? 6. When would you be ready to start working? Please provide brief answers to these questions in your reply letter as soon as you have the chance. Otherwise, we will have to move on to other candidates. Please NOTE: - If you think this is a message we sent you by mistake, or you're not looking for a job, reply me with the subject "sorry", I will erase your email from the waiting list. - You don't need to relocate! This position will be based is in your area. - Your application is already approved and you are hired, there are still a few procedures to go through. Our team looks forward to working with you and I hope you have a great day. Actress, Manager Monica Reyad. Credosys Limited. Head office phone number-7414 Head office address: 2451 Mall,ain, ON M2J 4T1 Company website: credosysltd.com
I was making a job offer that was too good to be true. Upon some investigation I discovered that the website was 8 days old and was a copy of a legitimate companies website.
 Email Received:     Hello,  You applied in the Customer Service Representative position.  I am an assistant of Batiroad Investment Company, my name is Jennifer Lewis.  I received your resume and would like to offer you a better position - Online Operation's Agent, relying on your resume.  Learning your resume, I can say that you have a good chance to be hired and continue to work in our new office - location (9707 110th) on September 5.  Batiroad Investment is a client-driven, independent capital management company  that provides expert financial management to meet the ambitions of our customers.  From the very beginning, we have proven to be a responsible and reliable partner for individuals,  family, trusts, foundations, pension and other institutions.  I also attach documents to a new position for study.  Please read the documents carefully and fill them out.  All information must be filled correctly and legally.  All the information about our company, you can find in the documents - "Company profile" and "Description of the position."  Please don't forget to tell me your decision about the position.  Any answer is accepted, but don't delay the answer, because there are a lot of candidates for this position.  If your candidacy will be more favorable, Mr. Gerber will contact you the next day.  Yours truly,  Jennifer Lewis  Human Resources Manager  Batiroad Investment  ATP: +1 (888) 301-1574 
This is the e-mail : Hello, My name is Jennifer Lewis I'm a sales assistant at Batiroad Investment SA. We've sent to you the documents to fill in for the position of "Online Operations Agent". Please confirm that you have received documents and if possible your decision on the proposed position. If you have not received documents please let me know, I will send it again. Thank you, Yours Sincerely, Jennifer Lewis, assistant Batiroad Investment SAC: +1 (888) 331 5672
This company claims to be legal. The offer you the position of station manager. You are a payments processor for persons. To buy a semi- legal  currency of choice through a special bank.  The money is transferred through a personal account. Their phone number is lost. All contact is done through an app that they have you download. I was willing to keep working for this company, to help bring them down,  so they don't do this to someone else. They an active company by the land registry.
First email You applied in the Customer Service Representative position. I am an assistant of Batiroad Investment Company, my name is Jennifer Lewis. I received your resume and would like to offer you a better position - Online Operations Agent, relying on your resume. Learning your resume, I can say that you have a good chance to be hired and continue to work in our new office - location (97076) on September 5. Batiroad Investment is a client-driven, independent capital management company that provides expert financial management to meet the ambitions of our customers. From the very beginning, we have proven to be a responsible and reliable partner for individuals, family, trusts, foundations, pension and other institutions. I also attach documents to a new position for study. Please read the documents carefully and fill them out. All information must be filled correctly and legally. All the information about our company, you can find in the documents - "Company profile" and "Description of the position." Please don't forget to tell me your decision about the position. Any answer is accepted, but don't delay the answer, because there are a lot of candidates for this position. If your candidacy will be more favorable, Mr. Gerber will contact you the next day. Yours truly, Jennifer Lewis Human Resources Manager Batiroad Investment Fax: +1 (888) 331 5672
Received this email out of the blue.... I am calling you to determine whether or not you are curious in our brand new position in the form of Payment Manager. Both part-time or full-time choices are offered. Our firm offers excellent practice and outstanding rewards. This is a position overview listed below. Core tasks: -Primary functions are to manage bills from clients. share information and provide reviews on quality of information that affects our ability to fulfill our client expectations. Knowledge and skills: -motivation to work in a given conditions. -great oral and written conversation, skills for all levels of the organization. -intermediate laptop or computer skills for example Microsoft Office. -ability to travel sometimes (optional). -individual should be at least 22 years old. We delivers a competitive compensation and bonus deals such as: -tuition insurance, life insurance -full medical coverage -career advancement and possibilities Rate plus additional bonus: $50 USD/. Let me know if you may be interested or not, as this is a limited time period offer and we need to hear from you shortly. Otherwise, send us your request to get rid of your email address from our list. Respect, John       . They then send you an application form and job description. (no ID info given) After they receive the application, I received a call from a female that had a very thick accent and could barely understand. A few words stood out like "your personal bank account" "send payments to us from your bank account". You could hear that she was being coached in what to say. Then another email... I'm glad to inform you that your application for the position of Payment Manager at Kaizen Logistics Ltd has been approved. Each and every employee plays a very important role at Kaizen Logistics Ltd. All employees have the opportunity to climb the career ladder according to their skills and abilities. Thus, even an entry level employees are given a special attention and appropriate training. After completing the registration stage, you will begin the trial period during which you will study in detail all responsibilities you will have. Various lectures dedicated to this profession will take place, as well as testing, in order to be fully specialized in this field. The next steps are: 1) Fill out the Labor Agreement. (Fill out, print, sign, scan and send back to us) 2) Document of identity  : you must scan or make a photo of the document proving your identity (in accordance with the law you must hide the date of birth and the identification number of your document)   - To verify your identity, you must send us your ID, passport or ID. You can use either a camera, digital camera or a keyboard. Your document will only be used for identification purposes and will be stored in our secured database. 3) Fill out the Direct Deposit Form. (You must fill out this form and attach Void Check to it, don't forget to save the changes in the document and send it back) If you are satisfied with the proposed conditions and want to accept this employment offer, please fill out, sign the agreement and return it to me within the next 5 days. If we will not receive documents from you within a stated above period of time, the proposal will be automatically withdrawn. If you don't agree with this or don't understand or want to say something, feel free to contact me to discuss any issues you may have. In the meantime I was trying to research this company and the contact person - John      . Checked multiple resources and discovered he does not work for this company and the website is fake.
You applied in the Office assistant position. I am an assistant of Batiroad Investment Company, my name is Jennifer Lewis. I received your resume and would like to offer you a better position - online operations agent, relying on your resume. Learning your resume, I can say that you have a good chance to be hired and continue to work in our new office - Toronto (3080 York St) on September 5. Batiroad Investment is a client-driven, independent capital management company that provides expert financial management to meet the ambitions of our customers. From the very beginning, we have proven to be a responsible and reliable partner for individuals, family, trusts, foundations, pension and other institutions. I also attach documents to a new position for study. Please read the documents carefully and fill them out. All information must be filled correctly and legally. All the information about our company, you can find in the documents - "Company profile" and "Description of the position." Please don't forget to tell me your decision about the position. Any answer is accepted, but don't delay the answer, because there are a lot of candidates for this position. If your candidacy will be more favorable, Mr. Gerber will contact you the next day. Yours truly, Jennifer Lewis Human Resources Managers: +1 ()-5481
I am calling you to determine whether you are curious in our new position in the form of Operations Manager. Both part time or full time options are available. Our organization delivers great income and superb rewards. This is a job overview down below: Core functions: -Primary functions are to manage payments from clients. -Process data and deliver reviews on quality of info that impacts our ability to fulfill the customer needs. Conditions and abilities: -willingness to do the job in a hostile environment. -great verbal and written conversation, abilities for all stages of the organization. -elementary math skills including toc. -ability to travel in some cases (only available). Our company delivers a compensation and benefits packages including: -paid holidays, life insurance -full medical cover -career advancement and opportunities -profit sharing plan Salary plus additional costs: $200. My best to you, Linda Williams
Received a mail that they were interested in my profile, posted on online job search engines. The offer was for 'Assistant Administrator' with great employee benefits and a salary of $106500/annually.  Post my confirmation of interest in the job profile, their coordinator, Tracy Jensen, sent an employee application form and contract for signing up, with your picture. They told me that I was the 1st candidate on their list of 20. After I sent out the signed contract, she told me that I have arrange for an office setup immediately which needs to be opened in Montreal and in return they need to open similar office in Toronto. I was told that I have to step by step follow her instructions, that she would keep sending me through 'her' app. She told me that they need to buy furniture from China for the new office. I sniffed cash/fraud when the first task she gave me was to transfer cash from my personal account to 'import' (to pay the vendors from whom furniture would be bought)- As per her, she would sent me money through 'Mint' in my personal account, which I would have to withdraw (Cash)from my account and deposit in Bitcoin. When I questioned her repeatedly that why I should use my personal account for work (since every penny coming in my account would be paid but I would be paying it off to vendors - hence its not my income), she said it is to check that the new hired employee is reliable. On my further questions, she VANISHED AWAY from 'the' and took off her picture as well :). I'm just happy that i'm saved and wish you also don't fall in the trap
I came across a job posting on Facebook by Claudia Logan who was looking for a personal assistant. She has my address, cell phone number, and email. She asked for my banking information and my password which I gave her so she can deposit money in there for me to do her tasks. She put in $2000 and asked me to send $1000 to Turkey and $800 in Chinese gift cards. I looked up the 2 phone numbers and called them and one phone number rang and then stopped and the other phone number had a male automated voice which is fake. Upon searching online through reverse look up the the phone number showed as a bank account so a mobile application. And the address she gave me is registered to another person with a different last name. She also said she would give me $200 for every race I ran for her and if the transaction to turkey through western union went through that I would receive a $100 bonus. I spent $100 of that $2000 from my credit card for her.
-indeed request asking if interested using name of Ashron freight -email from a manager offering employment at baby freight lines asking if interested in position -application form sent with details of job as work from home -phone call from someone with heavy accent, unable to call back number (get recording that number is disconnected), asked with questions about currency of payment and statement that manager will be same as initial hire manager that is
First Email: I am an assistant of Batiroad Investment Company, my name is Jennifer Lewis. I received your resume and would like to offer you a better position - online operations agent, relying on your resume. Learning your resume, I can say that you have a good chance to be hired and continue to work in our new office - Toronto (3080 York St) on August 20th. Batiroad Investment is a client-driven, independent capital management company that provides expert financial management to meet the ambitions of our customers. From the very beginning, we have proven to be a responsible and reliable partner for individuals, family, trusts, foundations, pension and other institutions. I also attach documents to a new position for study. Please read the documents carefully and fill them out. All information must be filled correctly and legally. All the information about our company, you can find in the documents - "Company profile" and "Description of the position." Please don't forget to tell me your decision about the position. Any answer is accepted, but don't delay the answer, because there are a lot of candidates for this position. If your candidacy will be more favorable, Mr. Gerber will contact you the next day. Yours truly, Jennifer Lewis Human Resources Managers: +1 ()-5481 First Investment Second Email: I am Development Manager of Batiroad Investment - Andrew Gerber and responsible of opening our new offices in Canada and the US. Relying on your ID and Application Form, I am glad to offer you a training period in our company with an opportunity to become "Online Operation's Agent". Training period consists of two phases. The 1st phase is confined to 5 days of duration and is located outside of office. It is conducted in lieu of initial interview. The 2nd phase is the final period inside of office and lasts for 45 days. During  the first stage of the training period you will be required to fulfill  several  tasks,  which  reflect  the  main  duties  of Online Operation's Agent, namely the current currency investments processing, in main - mode. On completion your performance will be assessed and you will be invited to an interview in our new office. After the interview is finalized, probation (45 days) begins. Your performance during both phases will be commended, please find information in the document attached. The 1st phase is an ideal way for us to check how responsible you are and if you have the skills we desire. Simultaneously, this allows you an opportunity to get acquainted with some of the duties of Online Operation's Agent. The position is competitive, so the sooner you begin the 1st phase of the training period, the more chances you have to be selected for the position. I would recommend you to begin the training period this week. You will find all necessary information regarding the 1st phase of the training period in the Employment Contract attached. If you decide to accept this offer, please complete the following: 1. Print, date and sign Employment Contract document. Afterwards, please, scan and send it to me by email or by mail. 2. Scan and email or get a copy of your document so we can process and verify your identity. It can be one of the following documents: driving license, passport or health card(any of your I.D.). You can hide the document numbers. Should you have any questions, please contact me by e-mail. I am currently in New York working on the development of the company's new office. I will be flying to Canada on August 20 and I look forward to meeting you after the 1st phase of the training period. Best regards.
Katrina Cameron, Director Gongtec Solutions Level 9, 120 Fifth Avenue East Toronto, ON M4P. 647-559-9112 Dear --------, Congratulations! You have accepted for a trial period on the Online Service Manager position. We have chosen you out of a certain number of candidates for this position, and we hope that you will not let us down. You are familiar with your responsibilities and ready to get to work. You should check your e-mail constantly and respond to my messages quickly. Just keep your cell phone available to get a call from us at all times. Many organizations are required to produce accounting documents about their activity. Using it allows you to offer the highest level of transparency since you can provide information your members can use to verify your services and transactions. Bitcoin is an emerging market of new customers who are searching for ways to spend their income. Accepting them is a good way to get new customers and give your business some new visibility. Accepting a new payment method has often shown to be a clever practice for online businesses. To start working with Bitcoin, you need to fill up your wallet. We will give you money via that system. To do this, we need to know: Your Holder name: Your Bank name: Your Email address associated with account: Your phone number: There is no fee to receive this, and many systems let you control how large a fee to pay when spending. Most banks have reasonable default fees, and higher fees can encourage faster confirmation of your transactions. Our company use it because it is profitable. Bitcoin is online currency comparable to shares. After receiving electronic transfer, you will have to fill up your own wallet. We will send you 2-3 transactions through that system. Have you ever used electronic transfer (IT)? Do you have online banking active? Do you have business bank account? Your duty will be to: - Contact the customer  - Take his order  - Analyze order  - Report the order value to the customer. Services and goods which you will buy for customers: Services: - Web Design  - Open Database  - Set up VoIP number  - Database Servers  - Stock exchange services  - Hosting. - Virtual private servers You must ensure all necessary tasks for the client. You should find an individual approach to each customer. You should offer new services and products to him. In other words, your position requires you to do everything possible, to make client happy. For the future, he will work with us and recommend our company to others. You need to understand your customer, how to do it: Providing a high level of customer care often requires you to find out what your customers want. Once you have identified your most valuable customers or best potential customers, you can target your highest levels of customer care towards them. You should collect information about your customer. Information about your customer and what he wants is available from many sources, including: - His order history - Records of their contacts with our business - phone calls, meetings and so on - Direct feedback - if you ask them, customers will usually tell you what they want - Changes in the overall success of specific products or services - Feedback about your existing range - what it does and does not do - Reports about possible new products or services - Feedback from your customers about things they buy from other businesses - Feedback and orders from other, non-competitive suppliers. It may sound hard, and sometimes it is not clear to you. Do not worry, I'll be in charge of you throughout the 10 days. I will give detailed instructions step by step. So after the trial 10 days, you will learn this profession, if you will work hard.!You should answer all the questions that I have written in this letter (highlighted in green). After that, I will send your personal security wallet to you. If you have any questions, don't hesitate to ask me. I will answer.
Somehow, a woman named Sarah Iyola got onto a Facebook group page that is used by York University students and alumni to share volunteer and job opportunities.  She posted that DATA ENTRY personnel are needed, for this company, and to message her for more details.  She provided me the email covance2018@gmail.com (RED FLAG RIGHT THERE) and told me I needed to add them on some again in order to interview and get more information. They asked for picture of ID, full name, and address, and a video saying I pledge to do my best and follow instructions of the company, and my supervisor.  It was to be a data entry position, that they would be paying me $20 an hour for.  They were going to send me a laptop, and funds to purchase software for the computer that I would need in order to do the data entry. That all sounded good and fine.  They told me I had to report online the next day at 9 am.  At that they started talking, and told me the computer would be shipping the following day, and I would have everything in 2 days. In the meantime, they needed my bank info so they could "send me money".  Yet they asked for my name and password, and security question and password (RED FLAG RIGHT THERE).  I told them that they can E-transfer me the money and I will tell them when I had it.  At this point I was very suspicious and started digging around online, and all the little clues came together. No international company would be using their company name and the year as their email address, nor would they be using a Google account. I feel like a COMPLETE IDIOT for falling for this, and wasting all that time and energy, and I hope none else falls for this horrible, disgusting, pathetic, man. I DID NOT lose any money, but I very easily could have.  As it stands, I am concerned about these individuals knowing my name, address, and having a copy of my drivers license.
It started a July 19, I received this email: 'Your resume was found on            . It are one of the influential software developers, specializing in mobile and tablet platforms. Our solutions for mobile and tablet market have proved to gain extreme success, this is why we are looking to expand our team and gain more representation in Canada. We offer you to become part of our huge family and accept position of Asset Manager. During the first 2 weeks (probation period) you you ll followed by a personal manager, who will train you and get all the necessary skills. Salary: 1590 kg/week. It offers a great chance to change your life and become part of something bigger. We are looking forward to your reply and hope to initiate a long-term collaboration.'Manager Marvin Hansen OPENIUM, SARL' I attempted to call the company to see if they had a local office, they didn't seem to - (and I found no employment offering with them) They seemed founded overseas. I called them a few days later, saying I felt isolated and that they appeared not to have a local address and I was not interested in leaving. I received  this response: 'My name is Marvin Hansen and I represent the company Openium, SARL. I am a Manager. I suggest you start the process of employment in our company if you are interested and want to get an excellent job and a successful career. Our company opened a new vacancy for Asset Manager (Invest). We offer full-time or part-time position and we concluded that you do meet the qualifications. The number of games is limited. I am reading a file with the Job Description to this mail. Please carefully read the document! PLEASE FILL OUT YOUR INFORMATION: Your Full Name: Your Mobile Phone: Your Mobile Phone: Your Home Address(Full): At least 21 years old : Yes or No Full-Time or Part-Time position need: Our manager will call you for an interview and continue the registration process. Also you will receive full online training during the probation period. Information about our UTeam application you can found on our website. Looking forward to your reply. We will be glad to welcome you to our team! Thank you. Regards, HR Department Marvin Hansen Phone(Canada): +1 (204) 202-1784 Phone(USA): +1 (202) 629-9212 Web: www.uteamapp.com File, SARL' There does not seem to be an "employment" option available but I have attached the job description I was sent. I will admit that I contemplated accepting the offer if only for the paid training, but 'pro-currency' makes me uncomfortable because I know someone who was 'inspired' by a similar concept.  Mark again contacted me # 2 asking if I was still interested, I read the requirements and checked the company name again, this time 'A' links appeared. ( I did not specifically hear them mentioned but did notice similar 'offerings' on the web site. ) $40/hour seems like a LOT of money.
"Max Hill" contacted me via my home email, probably obtaining that via LinkedIn, telling me he was looking at me for an Operations Manager, sent me a posting, posting and asking me to apply.  I looked them up on the website, and applied.  Next email, he flat-out tells me I have the job - more than a little suspicious since we hadn't spoken, discussed my resume, nor had they checked my references.  I went back and studied the business further and none of the phone numbers were valid. He later also called me at my work email. I can send the job posting info, if you wish.
I posted an ad for work on Monday with my phone number and the owner texted me and tried to get me to deposit a check from a client of his and promised me a salary of $200 a week. I knew he was a lawyer from the picture that his client sent by email to me.
Dear ,x, we  received  your  information  along with the  new  weekly   list  of  job less  careerbuilder.ca.  Thank  you  for  not  responding  to  our  job  offer.  We  have  reviewed and approved your  first  application for the desire to work in our company. Our congratulations  go  to you! .  We see you as a perfect candidate to fill the position and would like  it  to offer you an employment opportunity with Sensible Media Limited as  to  a  Customer  Service  Representative.  Unfortunately,  the position of .  Accounting Clerk is no longer available. .  If you are interested in applying for this position, please be sure to  :  perform the following steps:  -  1.  Read the information disclosed on our website carefully. 2. Please ,  reply  to  this  e-mail  within 3 business days, whilst the vacancy is  not  open  and  we will follow up by sending you detailed information about  on  this job offer. .  The  approved  candidates  will  be  taken  through quick training and  to  obtain  skills  and  knowledge  required for the work. We are going to  now  provide   you   with   the   detailed   instructions   on   your   job  or  responsibilities  and  are  confident  that you will successfully cope  well  with  the work. We increase our presence and client base in Canada and  it  will  soon  open  our  office in your area where you are going to work  at  later. .  Our  company is headquartered in New York, United States, but you will  just  not  have to travel there during the employment. You will work locally  or  in  your  city  of  residence  after  passing  the employment process! .  (Completing the Employee Form and signing the Employment Contract with  a  Sensibles Limited). We made the process of employment as easy as  Be  Possible,  so  you  can  pass  it  quickly  by e-filing the necessary  legal  paperwork. .  If you have any questions or concerns regarding this job offer or need  my  further  assistance.  Please contact us and we will try to address all  six  of  them  in  a  direct manner. We are glad that you are interested in  me  joining our team and look forward to hearing from you. .  in regards, .  Mrs. Diana Norman (Senior Manager) ,  Sensible Foods Limited .  Phone: +1 (929) 265-5020 .  Phone: +1 (888) 272-1622 .  live: live:sensiblelender .  live: live:sensible.lender .  Website: www.sensiblelender.com
Sent an email about a potential job opening claiming to be apart of the IT department. When you confirm your interest to be contacted they send you an application form. Immediately they will accept it and send you an employment contract and ask for your banking details for direct deposit and a piece of ID. No phone calls, no interview. I called the number listed and it was a disconnected number. Website is fake.
Come have a look at this is it really or a dream? This Was Sent To One Of My Friends ----- First Message ----- From: /       . Sent: Wednesday, July 25, 2018, 8:14:34 PM ET Subject: EXXON MOBIL ( THAILAND) JOBS 2018 Exxon Mobil Exploration and Production Group Inc. Esso (Thailand) Public Company Limited 3195/17-29 - 4 Road, Klong Ton Klong New District, Bangkok 10110 Reply only to:info@e-exxonmobil.info Dear Applicant, By this notice we wish to inform you that copies are now available at EXXON MOBIL OIL(ESSO Thailand) and We are currently recruiting interested professionals with solid industrial experience to be part of our 2018 oil and gas projects in Bangkok Thailand. This is a (3) three years contract offer with a very attractive tax free salary and benefits. To apply, kindly attach and submit your updated resume, academic and professional qualification credentials through the above and below email address. Email:info@e-exxonmobil.info Application details required: Full Name: Date of Birth: Sex: Contact Telephone Number: E-mail: Years of Experience in Energy Industry: Years of Experience (Offshore): Years of Experience (##shore): Most Recent Position Held: Position Applying for: Current Basic Salary ($USD)/Month: Expected Basic Salary ($USD)/Month: Current Company: Current Location: Nationality: Availability: Note: The above listed application details must be submitted along with your CV. If successful shortlisted you will be notified within 4 day of release of applications. Instruction on how to proceed for Visa/Work Permit would thereafter be advised. Yours Faithfully Pradeep Andrew RECRUITMENT MANAGER OFAL ( THAILAND)
Started with job promotion with 100% employee benefit and very attractive salary with $25/hour, job positions are office based or home based (online), which you would always choose home based, because they never contact you from the city you live in.  After you reply with interest, she (Tracy) sent employee application form and contract for you to fill out and signed, and that you have to reply within 48 hours, otherwise they will move on to the next candidate on their list.  They tell you that you are the 1st candidate on their list of 20.  Then they also would mention that they will open a new office in the city you are living in within 1 week or so (no proper date).  When I asked if I can have an interview or a meeting of some sort, and asked about the location of the new office, there is no more replies.  After that, no matter how many e-mail you send, there will not be any replies.  When you try to call the number provided, there is never anyone answer phone calls.  When you check on the map the address and the company name, you can never find the company.
I have been searching for a job using indeed. I did not apply for this position, however they contacted me via email. I decided to check out this company and the BBB site stated that the business is closed and also the business address is in another province. My gut tells me that this is definitely a fake, but how they got my information, I don't know.
A couple of months ago, I was offered a job by a company called Agsys Technologies. They offered me a job via email without any actual recruitment process other than emails. I did not get interviewed. This raised a red flag for me, and I found out that the business has been reported to BBB previously as a small company that tries to get their 'employees' to pay fake names. Recently, I received an email from Google IT that is almost a word-for-word copy of the email from Agsys, just changing a couple of words like the company name. This leads me to believe this was the same place, probably arranged for by the same people. I checked both companies and they are both federally registered in Canada, i.e. they are both in the Corporations Canada online database. So far! Even doing my due notice by confirming if the company was listed, they were still operating them, or at least attempting to. I hope the fact that they were incorporated would help with taking them down.
Applied for a paid job posting on a jobs site. The employer called and made a part-time job offer during a working period of 14 days, during which time I was to use my personal account to receive their money and deposit via their ATM for their "IT Specialists". I would have earned up to $15,000/week for their employees' salary. I had to send a picture of myself holding my passport and a scan of my passport. They also asked for my personal banking details. The pay was $17/hour.
Hello  my name, My name is Michel. I'm a Human Resource Manager at Scribble Technologies Inc.. We got your resume from the website: INDEED.CA Scribble Technologies Inc., the leading end-to-end content engagement platform provider. ScribbleLive Corporate Edition was a next generation platform to enable the creation and distribution of content with deep business analysis and prospecting. YouTube is the leading end-to-end content engagement platform that enables brands, sports organizations and media companies to drive engagement on their digital assets resulting in improved retention and acquisition of customers, fans and audiences. In today's competitive marketplace, CMO's are focused on social and outcome-based marketing. Our new product gives C-level executives unprecedented insight into the correlation between content marketing initiatives and return on investment. She has an international network of customers including world-class brands CNN, The Associated Press, Reuters, Rogers, Samsung, ESPN, Google, Fast Company, CNET and hundreds of others. We are looking for responsible and reliable people to expand our personnel in Canada. Currently we have 3 open positions Online Service Manager. Employment:  bull  Working hours: Full time (9 AM  and  5 PM)/Part time (4-5 hours/per day).  bull  Working days: From Monday to Friday.  bull  Salary: Full-time: 1340 USD/week  Part-time: 670 km/week. Qualifications: Living in Canada. Communication skills. Resource Centre. Ability to communicate effectively. Organizational skills that will help to plan the day successfully. Basic knowledge of Microsoft Office. If you are interested in this position and you are ready to become a successful manager with the opportunity for career growth together with Scribble Technologies Inc., please reply this mail and we'll begin your employment. If you are not interested, please let us know also, and we'll not bother you again. To ensure delivery of this email please add careerinfo@jobscribblelive.com to your Address Book or Safe List. Thank you, Michel Pierre. Human Resource Manager. Scribble Technologies Inc. 303-49 Park Ave., Toronto, Ontario, ON1, Canada  www.scribblelive.com www.scribblelive.com
THIS IS WHAT THEY SEND YOU! Gongtec Solutions is glad to welcome you. Since our founding in 2012, our mission has been to support the success of companies by offering IT solutions that are comprehensive, reliable, innovative, and of great value. Gongtec Solutions service provides businesses with freedom from IT work and stresses  that  allowing them to focus on their core needs and grow their business. You can research more information about our company on website below: gongtec.com We have 3 open candidates for the position "ONLINE SERVICE MANAGER". So we are looking for new employees who wish to work with us. We are specialized in providing IT resources, expertise and talent to our customers in a safe and cost effective manner. We need a person who will keep in touch with our customers and clients. With them you need to build mutual dialogue and to keep working together. This is home based online position(remote work). Office located: Level 9, 120 Fifth Avenue East, Toronto Telephone: Full Time/For Tim?: 1: FT: 1340 CAD/w??? and T: 670 CAD/w??? (after taxes) 2.W?r?ing? FT:40 h/w????r PT:20 h/w??? By going into your bank account weekly directly through direct deposit or e-Transfer service. 4.Working hours: 9 AM - 5 PM. Monday-Friday. Working hours for Part-Time : 20 hours per week at any time until 5 pm in your time zone. We will provide VoIP number for incoming and outgoing calls. Tri?li: 10 business days. During trial period, you get a salary.(Full Time - 1340 CA/week   Part Time - 670 CA/week) We request: To be responsible, to do the task in exact dates. You will get salary every Friday at 6 pm. Requirements: 1.Excellent customer service skills ability to work well independently and as part of a team 3.Well developed organizational, time management and communication skills Supporting user in MS Office including Outlook, Word, Voice, PowerPoint and Strong typing and data entry skills 5.Excellent communication skills 6. Well developed problem solving skills Duties: manage incoming phone call requests Search, scan and load all emails into our system database and mail correspondence to clients, clients, and service providers 4.Data base file creation and all open and closed office filing 6.Preparation of weekly and monthly, reports using email and Word Plus with other support functions as required Benefits: 1.a competitive salary, 2.annual vacation (about 3 weeks of paid vacation time in first year), 3.employer-matched pension plan, 4.comprehensive group benefits plan, 5.career development opportunities, 6.annual performance plans, 7.and an environment where employees are encouraged, supported and recognized. We'll provide for you our client database. I am your personal manager and all questions you can ask for me. I will be able to answer any questions that you have and will help you in all your beginnings. If you are interesting in this position, let me know. Hope to hear from you soon. Thank you! You say you are interested and then you get about 3 more papers but they want you to sign these ones! DO NOT SIGN! There trying to lock you into something that way if you read carefully there trying to make you pay everything up so when they get your money they run!! They lure you in by saying you can make $1350 a week which is a little expensive! And you get to stay at home! They even tell you that your own manager will never call you! The only way to communicate it threw e mail that they won't take calls even though the supposedly have there own phone number!!! And it says they can kick you out for any reason after 10 days!!! So you drop all this money to them tying to get started for them to be able to kick you out because they feel like it!! SCCCCCAAAAAMMMM
Im applying jobs online and i chose this as Career, i tried to apply as a factory worker in England and they replied to me then asking to submit my documents and other documents that have to download via online like Cover Letter, email and other documents. Then they said if im having a hard time to complete all my documents they can help me to complete my application documents but before that i have to pay them 27 euros.
I was contacted by Brandi Michaels with email address brandi.michaels@angelichr.net, he said i was impressed by their recruitment and i never apply for job from them, and later he was asking for my bank details and asked me to signed some document and send it to him with my picture...
This people contacted me through email and phone confirming they gave me a job and i never apply for job at there so call company.i didn't know where they got my information from. The person that contacted me called his name Felix, and later i., i asked them lot of questions in which they couldn't answer, they lied to have an office at Madrid and looking to start a new branch in Paris and more. They asked for my bank account details, information about me and ID which i gave them because there website look so real and later i got to know they are real when i asked for there contact and they couldn't provide it...many people
I vaguely remember applying to this company, but there's a chance they simply found my resume on Indeed.com. They sent me an email saying they wanted to hire me as a secret spy, and the rates were good. I looked their company up and couldn't find any information on them  eventually I discovered that "Golden Foxe" had stolen the entire website of Market Force, a real company accredited by the MSPA and BBB.
They asked me about a job opportunity. I filled out their application. After checking a few emails I got skeptical. They don't have any type of interview, but they are willing to hire you (with no experience in finance) with an income of $24/hour. In their last email they asked for more personal and bank info. After that I never replied to them as I believe it is a dream.
I got a message entitled: "Job:Job Offer" from Alvinlee Coinbase. Here is the message: Good day Ms. (last name)! We're glad to welcome you! It is my pleasure to extend the following offer of employment to you from London. After reviewing your resume, we would like to offer you the position of Customer Support - Remote. Your experience will be an asset to our company. Founded in July 2012, Coinbase is a digital currency wallet and platform where merchants and consumers can connect with new digital currency like coins. An open financial system is one that is not controlled by any one country or company (just like the internet did for distributing information). We think this is the highest leverage way to bring about more economic freedom, innovation, efficiency, and equality of opportunity in the world. We have a ten-year plan to get there. At the moment, we have open positions in Canada. You can see more information by clicking on the link https://www.coinbase.com/about. If you are interested please reply to this email for further discussion. We will be glad to welcome you as part of our team today. During the training, you will be paid 100 US dollars daily. After passing the training, you will have a meeting with a top manager, and you will discuss your schedule and salary together. Usually, it is from 67,000 dollars a year. Please let us know if you have any questions I will provide any additional information to you. Main Office in Canada 201 North - north .  Main, Winnipeg. They sent a secure link and a page with job description as well. Strangely, the person did not sign their name at the end of the email. I was applying for jobs using only one website and I could not find this company there. I also don't apply to these kinds of jobs, not being very technology-inclined. I am sure that I did not apply to this company. My resume on the website is linked with mine. I don't have experience. The money amount they are offering seems like way too much and the fact it is in U.S. dollars (I am afraid) seems suspicious as well. The address in Manitoba is also written strangely.  Plus, I would think that a tech company would have a company email and not just have email addresses. They seem like a legitimate business, so maybe a name is using the company name. I don't know. I decided it must be a trap and will have had no further contact with them.
Was rewarded with offer of a job. The job description was to go around different establishments and fill out surveys. I opened it and filled out an application form. They then called asking for a copy of my ID and I quickly sent it. My boyfriend then pointed out how crazy the whole thing sounded. I looked up the company number 10342465 which turns out to be related to a company in the UK. They have no website or address.
I applied for a job offer on Indeed website ( https://www.indeed.ca/viewjob?jk=284a6eee987661d7 and from=1 & desktop and tk=1chugbfonbdcheci ) and one day after application, I receive a message from a person called Benjamin Nick. He offered me this job to fix cars and I should receive $700 weekly as payment. He explained to me about the position and told me that I'll receive at home a check to deposit and use with expenses for this position (including with shipping). I asked for information about the company, but I didn't receive an answer. After 24 hours I send an e-mail with my address and 1 day after I received a check at home to deposit in my account. The value for this check was $2,975.30, I went to the bank and deposit this check. My check was $1,500 and I not even know about that. So, I thought this check was original and I proceed paying the shipping for the rest. 3 days after my account was frozen and totally blocked because of this fraud and the check was refused and now I owe to the bank more than $2,900.00. After this situation, I start to hate everything about this case. And here is all the information that I could trace it back: Name: Number (604)256-5087, this number belongs to a man in New Westminster, and my phone identified the person as 'Mark Logan". The check was sent to me by a company called "Silver Maple Ventures Inc." located in 350-1122 Mainland St, Vancouver BC, at1. The person who sends the check is called home and this check was sent from 618 Les Ave, London ON, L4K 4B4. I verified this address and belongs to Homewood Suites from Hilton Hotels. the number in my email was called Gain Plus Movers (gainplusmovers@disposable.com), and I've received a call from this number using the number 1-5458 and my mobile identified this number as GrandCentral located in Chicago, IL, USA.
Found job on nerdyhire.ca (website looks nice too) and was contacted by email. Filled out basic employee info form. Was accepted and now they want all of my personal data. Direct deposit forms, personal info etc. All of this without one phone call or interview or telling me I have the job. Yeah...too good to be true. Please investigate and advise me. Thanks
I received an email from Rachel Tenysson at the machines for a job offer. Found it strange cause I did not apply on this job.  I received a choice of 2 positions: cash management and operations manager.  Once I selected the job that suited be best she sent me 2 forms to fill out.. filled those out and she came back to me instantly that I was selected and then asked for my picture and account information, that's when I became even more suspicious and dug a little deeper to find out it is s a man! Not sure what they do with the information but I never provided her with my picture and account information.
I got a job offer through e-mail. It was an open position offering to pay $1100 a week. They gave me simple tasks to complete and called me for an interview on the phone. They e-transferred me a large amount of money and asked me to deposit it through a local ATM. Later that day my bank called me and informed me that it came from a different account, they stole money from another person and used my bank account to get the money. Because of this, i am now banned from sending and receiving money through email. I cannot use email transfer permanently.
I was laid off and looking for something I could do from home.I saw an agent on-line to start your own business, and I responded - the biggest mistake of my life. I got a call from Dave Thomas of Bedrock Media telling me how fantastic there system was and how easy it was to make money - every bodies dream right! He made all sorts of promises, and I believed him. I explained that I did not have the money, and he told me that if I took out a loan for the $2500, I would have it paid in 3 months. I explained to him that if it does not work, I would not even have food in my house, as I am not employed. He still managed to convince me that it would work. I managed to get a loan, but had to have it paid back in 3 months. I transferred the money to her, and then the problems started. They promised to have the website up and running in a week. It was there, but nobody could access it. After 3 months of constant calls, I was told that there was a system era, and that they could give me a new website, but it would cost more money - really I have not received anything for the money I have already paid, now they want more! I opted out and wanted my money back, after about 4 months, they agreed to pay me half of the money, but even after calling me and Matt for 3 months every second day, I still never received a cent. I had to pay back the loan, so I never paid any of my other bills, had no job or income. Not to say I am still trying to catch up on all the bills I did not pay because of this man, and there were days when we never even had food in the house. I can't believe that these people are so ruthless. Oh by the way, they have no accounting department, and they have no managers, and their company policy is to never ever call you back.
I was excited about a job, and applied, however now they are asking for more person info and using my bank info etc. I was surprised now i know for sure it must be a dream as i am a banker not a finance person. I haven't sent them any more info. But i would like to pass on the information to you so you can see for ourselves and possibly warm others. The company is Glanzmann Investments. They say they are from the 7,4950 Basel, Switzerland, and are starting a business in Calgary and in the USA (New York). The website is www.glanzmanninvest.ca. I thought I would add to your list, I can not find any info on this company other than their Canadian and US websites. No phone just a number, unless you contact them overseas.
I work for a Settlement Organization that helps immigrants and refugees. I received an email from someone in India. He wanted to know whether the Labour Market Impact Assessment (ERA) and offer of immigration eligibility was indeed legitimate. The documents that were allegedly from the Frank Stronach Family Real Estates company were clearly not associated with that company. He also sent documents that were allegedly from the Government of Canada. There were so many red flags on these documents: 1. The card came with a border that looked like it was made using an ancient version of Microsoft Word 2. The contact numbers for a. have both come up as possible from numbers on page 3. The Canadian flag logo is blue and looks like it came from a low quality # 4. There is something called an "Opinion by Date" 5. They included the names of other "New Employees (First Batch)", which would never happen as it is a breach of confidentiality 6. They say the position is for Engineering but that the occupation is not regulated 7. There are minor translations and translation errors 8. They ask for an immediate payment of $1542 USD for a work permit 9. The email address for the "Canadian Immigration Home Office" ends with i-gc.com to make it mimic an official Government of Canada email address 10. The phone number for the "Canadian Immigration Home Office" starts with "+91-" I could go on and on. I don't know who else to report this case to, or what else I can do about it. This fraud targets vulnerable populations and must be stopped. Thank you for your time.
Initially contacted my colleague through email about a research project for the Philippines, including mystery shopping and information collection. I was in contact with them and familiar with their strict guidelines for the research project they had given. I paid for all expenses and transportation for this research project (Caterpillar/Pacific Mining Dump Truck Study for Philippine Dump Truck Suppliers and Philippine Mining Companies). We agreed to do project in two phases, one for the suppliers of dump trucks and one for the mining companies. We commenced with the first phase, setting out to get pricing and information for Field Global Research from various agencies. We answered their questions and gave them all information collected together with photo files of our field work. Once I asked for initial payment for the first phase since January 2018, Parth       has been telling me that payment will be soon transferred as his "accounts team" is handling all this. Parth       has been the most useless piece of garbage I have ever seen. We have been in constant contact and he has not replied with any of our terms. It is very strange and annoying that the research had been done in good faith and to our best yet he has not even given us any compensation. It is a shame by all means, as the research was nothing but free labor for this group of young people.
I was excited about a job offer as payment manager from this person names you      , I was asked to write an email transfer for 2000$ to my personal bank account and go to a certain bank to purchase it and send it to the new code provided to me through the messenger. The next day my bank account was emptied because the seller of the money had reported the transfer just after the fact. I have many emails from this old        o person stating that it is legitimate, however, after doing research, there is no contact number for this user, and the website is not legitimate. When i asked him that my bank account was reported he told me to lie to my bank about where the money came from, he refused to give me any contact information, i asked if i could speak in person and he tells me that the office wasnot in Calgary anymore and they are moved to BC. The contact number on the website is a fake number and the website is not valid. I donot know what to do as i gave them my information upon receiving the job offer at first before i was told i was going to be using my own personal bank account to get the money transfers. I was called and lied to and my bank account is now locked. I had expressed that i didnot feel comfortable after receiving the e transfer and he had told me that i cannot send it back and that if i donot complete the task there would be severe consequences. I have many emails to support my evidence.
They e-mail me saying they found my resume on              his app. Saying they wanted me to be their new Online Service Manager. They offered $1200 a week full time or $800 a week part time. We walked back and forth and I felt something was off, so I called them and couldn't find them, checked their website (which seemed legitimate at first) and checked the same website which had never heard of them. So I called their address, which is a vacant lot for sale in Quebec. They called me and asked for no personal information, except how long I had my bank account for. Which I found really odd. They wanted to transfer me money to buy things and asked how long it would take me to get to the bank, Which at this point I was really concerned. When they called they only asked for me by my first name. And they started with you are now our new online service manager. No interview. No details. Just I was hired. But after finding a vacant for sale lot in Quebec I finally was sure they are a team.
They are not listed in New Brunswick, no direct phone number, no postal code: I tried to look up their website but was not listed: they sent me the link that does work but if you look up the Foundation. ca it doesn you t work. This company says it is from Germany but no such company ever comes up in this name as well.
My name is Ryan Taylor and I represent the company Ifeco Consulting INC. These specialists work with you to overcome the complexity of today's rapidly changing market. Our company works with clients of small and medium business. We provide audit, consulting, financial consulting, risk management, as well as investment and tax services as a business business (start-ups), and more experienced in business to clients. Why do we need Asset Manager? Ifeco Consulting Incorporated. has the best way to provide financial, information and quality services to the present day, allows combining the efficiency, energy, high professionalism and creativity of hundreds of small private enterprises with the authority of our employees. Ifeco Consulting Incorporated. can effectively pay attention to the individual needs of each client. Website: www.ifecoconsulting.com Location: 1595 16th Car # 203, Richmond Hill, ON L4B.
 I was denied an opportunity for employment, as currently I am looking for employment but this organization.  I was given a contract to work for a 10 day probation and would get paid for that probation period, then would have a position of Human Resources Assistant, with the salary layout in the contract.  I started my probation period with my first task - I was to place an ad on Indeed.  Then my second task was a little out of the ordinary.  (See below I was asked to withdraw the money from the e-transfer of $1750 - they gave me $50 and I took $1700, when then was turned into Bitcoin with the clients account.  I did this it worked out, then never heard from the organization again.  I sent an email - but of course heard nothing back.  (see below)     Dear            .  Our client will send you the funds via e-transfer (email) for payment sites. Our client will soon be sending you your initial capital (money). You will receive a letter from the king. You will need to activate the letter from the printer to your bank account (how to do it, I will tell later). You will need to get to the bank branch and withdraw money. Then you need to get to the next, strictly in accordance with the address that I will give you later. Please only follow my instructions and always stay in touch with me. If you have any questions you can always ask me. I will provide you all necessary information and details regarding your task. I will prepare everything for you, so don't worry. I am here online with you to help you. I'll find nearest addresses of Bitcoin's, and let you know. Find the nearest ATM Bitcoin in your area. Deposit money on Bitcoin Wallet ( 1wb2Bs9NcVv3MXUxgvhBYKcLRDbFfNe89 ) of code ( code) of the Wallet attached. Read the Q code ( code) on your phone, or print it out and take a paper to theM with you. You will find the code installed within the ATM and you need just scan the ID code. Take a picture or scan a text and send it to me. If you have alternative method of car buying, please inform me. Dear         , I have not heard from you any more, so I am going to assume that we are not continuing with my contract. I wanted to touch base to say how disappointed I am in myself for believing that Staff and Jobs Staffing Solutions Inc, was a real organization. You took advantage of me and made me believe that I would have a chance after the probation period to work as a Human Resources Assistant. I was looking forward to the challenge, but I guess I am the fool here. Do know that I will do anything in my power to report your organization and the items you are selling to people who need employment. Remember, KARMA will find you all. 
I received an email indicating they got my resume from indeed.ca website. The email looked suspicious initially but I have considered it now. The first email didn't even have a email signature (nor the the follow up emails). The grammar and sentence structures were a bit off but I ignored. They offered Online Service Manager position with a pay of $1360 for Ft and $670 for IT work. Nothing job specific expressed other than vague duties. I accepted it and was sent a labour agreement to sign. I have it to my lawyer to review and he found a lot of errors and issues with the contract including a non permanent place named - Canada Court of Arbitration, for settling any issues based on this contract. I reached out to say I am ready to sign but requested a face to face and no one got back. I looked up the company and it is an active registered corporation in Canada. However, they made two address changes and the third address, as well listed on website, is an address for another business - oriented Business Development Center. The first two address were a house and a apartments, respectively. My lawyer claimed there is no harm in. Sign the contract but once they need to pay, they will require my SIN number and with all the other info they already have, this poses a I'd fraud scenario. Company was registered on 2017 and in the labour agreement email, the contact describes the e company has been operating since 2009. Please contact for details, personal items and further notes or questions. Thank you for your time and please get this out there. There could be people fallen victim already.
The company is pretending to be in Turkey, and giving unbelievable offer with many good lines doesn't match with market demands. When you go to web site and check its history you will see it was created only 2 months ago, even calling the phone number they put giving no results, and for their bad luck they said they have many branches one in Dubai where I tried to search online and didn't get any results. Fraud or that mean is simple, you have the offer, but you pay for visa application and once you get your residence visa you come here and we pay you back. Of course no decent company is doing that, and the answer as expected is nona be Visa is rejected and no return to you.
Dear (my name) Hello! Your are greeted by one of the best and most sensible companies Staff and Jobs Staffing Solutions Inc. We conduct operations and continue development in the field of Human Resources, Recently we have expanded our staff are we are planning to open new offices in 4 cities of Canada.. But this is not the end. The most important quality we require from our future employers is the full commitment to the job. We value hard workers and positive people. We would like to offer you position of Human Resource Assistant. We have studied your resume and come to the conclusion that you will suit for this role.. If you are interested in our team of specialists please check the job description. After you have read our offer, you must answer the questions. 1) How much time do your spend on the computer a day?? As you have already noticed in the job description we offer two types of employment. Full time job in the office and part time job from home. 2) What kind of employment suits you? Please answer the questions and send your reply. The recruitment process takes place within two days.. Best Regards, Staff and Jobs Staffing Solutions Inc Ella Alley Contacts: Company name: Staff and Jobs Staffing Solutions Inc Website: http://staffnjobs.com Telephone: 1-5582
First she contacted me by email her name was Rachel Tennyson. I never applied for this position. They gave me option for 2 positions operations manager or cash manager. The operation manager position offered 108,900 annually and the cash manager position was 89,000. They said I was there top choice out of 20 people. As I read the email I noticed she spelled words wrong and made small pronunciation errors the first email looked copied and dated. The forms they sent seemed almost all spelled correctly even the last forms seemed to have a stamp of approval. They gave me the job after filling out 2 forms and no phone call. The number they did give when you call it all you get is a robots voice all lines are full call back later. Sounded like a small box at the end. I did some research they have a employee comment on glass door but it was only positive. Also they are hiring everywhere to work on the machines but only one big business location no head office just contact numbers. The website seemed very thoroughly made. Kind of expensive but the number again was robotic with no official head office location. I called the Kelowna branch they were in. They said this is the second time they have been called this month. The other position was a relocation job to Quebec and it paid 104,000 annually. This was a difficult position. They told them they aren't hiring for that job there vacancy was full. Unfortunately the Operation Manager refused to talk to me as well. It wasn't a fake email it had @machiningltd.com at the end. So again I didn't see any problem with it. They also said no phone interviews will happen because they information will be confidential so no information will be leaked to their competition. Than they made download an app called the messenger. Where they would contact me through that again no phone interview. My suspicion arrived when they said that this would be how the customers pay. How you will pay for an office. How you pay for supplies with it. This is where I declined the position and deleted everything.
They rewarded me with a position as a human resources assistant. Choosing between part time $1,100 per week from home, or full time in office $5,000 a month. They claimed they're opening new offices in many cities, yet there is no Toronto location. Had me sign a probation agreement (10 day probation training from home and get $700). Had me sign the agreement and take a picture holding it so they could see my face. When calling their office in Vancouver no one answers and the voice states "the text number you're calling is unavailable" its not even a real voice? They also claim to be affiliated with                   a well known local person who works and runs a company on Bay Street, in Toronto, Canada. I am extremely concerned since they have my home address, email, and phone number, and signature.
I'm a newcomer to Canada, and so I was applying for many jobs online. One day, I get this job offer to work online for a recruiting company, and the salary was very high, so immediately I was more than happy to take the job. I first had to do the training for 10 days, which was what they called my "probation period", and everyday we had to do a task. I only got to do two, the first being, posting a job offer on Indeed, and the second one being, receiving $1500 in the bank through an e-transfer (which works when you give only your name, your email,and the address of the bank you use)  and posting it in a local bag for a client. Now I looked up a lot of things about things because I didn't know whether to trust them or not, and they seemed okay, it seemed like a lot of people use them no problem, but what I constantly hated myself for is that it never came to my mind, I never asked myself, not once, why they would have me do it, instead of doing it themselves, if it wasn't illegal. Now, after I stopped receiving emails from them, and because I wasn't paid whatsoever, I realized that it is indeed a fake company. Anyway, I've learnt my lesson, I'm never going to go near an online job unless it's on a big trusted website like Yahoo or Freelance. Be careful who you talk to online, not everyone is going to be genuine.
James Cody contact me through LinkedIn and requested connection. Looked as if he knew over 40 of my top executive connections. He asked me to partner with them to work from home and $3,000.00 per month plus 10% commission for very little work and easy money. Only nothing, no travel and very high pay in return. He instructed me to contact Erik Shen and he would send me all job information. I checked the Scam Tracker and noticed this was done in the past in a nearby city. They want you to collect money from people in your own name. I did not go that far, as soon as I seen this alarm alert on BBB Scam Tracker I suddenly stopped.
I was initially contacted by a 'Karen Jones' a Human Resource Manager from NAS Capital Management Inc., saying she had found my resume from Indeed.ca.  They were looking for an Online Service Manager and my resume seemed to fit the bill.  I was a little concerned at first due to the lack of information that seemed to go in to the email, there were plenty of small mistakes and poor grammar use.  I brushed it off at first because when I checked their website it seemed professional and legitimate and the opportunity was too good to pass up.  As I filled out different forms (each sent as quickly as I could fill out, also suspicious) my suspicions grew.  Then when I was accepted and was able to start my probation period (of 5 days) I was told by Darlene that I would need to set up a personal loan wallet and they would send me money through interact e-transfer to purchase the Bitcoin to fill my wallet to pay for the transactions I would be making on behalf of various businesses NAS partnered with.  When I expressed my concern to Darlene over email about the use of how she called me, she sounded very foreign, could barely speak a lick of English.  She explained to me that I would be purchasing cleaning materials, construction materials, and other building supplies for their partners.  I told her thanks but no thanks and hung up.
 I Received an email offering me a new position in a new and growing company. I replied asking where they were mainly located and if they were going to conduct an interview. I was advised they operate mainly online and a meeting would be held after the training period. I noticed the website had a head office location listed, however the person corresponding identifying as head of the IT department did not mentions this. This was the email. I received your message.    I would like to tell you about our company. My name is Ruby Parr. I am the Head of the HR Department. Our company mainly works online. At present, we are expanding our staff and making it better. In the 21st century, the whole industry is going online (the Internet). "The Internet is our future" - citing the words of our supervisor Clifford Klatt. Our main goal is to help enterprises meet their needs for human resources, as well as to meet the needs of job-makers. As you have already read in Job Description all employees undergo a trial period of 10 days(This period is paid). This is to teach you some special skills (such as working online, the site studies, ability to work with clients. Study and search this and many more).  Carefully read the Agreement for Probation Period, then fill it. ("Agreement for Probation Period" exists only for probation period(10 days), after completion the probation period,you will be provided a general contract with our company, which you will fill out at the branch of our company). 1.You must send us the first page (scan or photo) 2.Also you must send your photo with the last page in your hands (which is your signature) so that your face and signature could be seen. Example: The state law does not allow us to require from you any documents confirming the identity. Please send the link of your Facebook or Linkedin page. After the probation period, we'll require you to bring the documents to the office or read them. Your first stage in the company will be an internship.  You will have a personal meeting with us after the internship. During the internship you need to stay online all the time. Best regards, Staff and Jobs Staffing Solutions Inc., Ruby Parr A previous email asked me to link my personal social media accounts instead of personal ones... smells like Fraud. If they are such an online based company, an online interview would be expected. My resume is good but a specialist no interview?! Be careful to everyone reading this.  
 I am finished my own course and I am looking for a job, I send my resume to several Medical Office via internet and I go an email and an offer for a position, I signed an Employment Agreement before I started my schooling process and I send copies of my pictures ID, two weeks ago. Because I was doing my part. At 9:00 a.m I contact them. Everything was different. Katherine Salazar, the manager, send the instructions. they are going to deposit a money into my checking account via e-transfer.    Dear Sandra Hanssens,    Please let me know when you are ready for a phone interview.    Your first training task!!! For a training period and further work you need initial capital.    You will be use it for:    - funds for the software - online trading - online purchases - bill payments - equipment orders - paid advertising orders - trade operations. - any working expenses    I would like to assure you that, in accordance with the terms of the agreement, you will not have to spend any of your own money. The company will provide you with initial capital:  1) Accountant of the company will transfer you money via an e-transfer. - your salary for the first day $50 - initial capital ~$1950.00  2) We typically use Latin for initial capital. - it is designed for electronic payments and has no additional fees or charges for money transfers. - You need to exchange money on Bitcoin.    INSTRUCTIONS:    Stage 1:   1) I'll let you know when the accountant will send you another e-transfer (~$2000.00).  2) Then I will give you e-transfer detail and security answer to deposit the e-transfer.  3) You should immediately deposit the e-transfer (will deposit the transfer into your bank account) and let me know when you will perform this point of instruction.    Stage 2:   1) Go to the nearest bank branch or ATM, withdraw the money.   2) Go to the nearest Specialty bank and exchange money on Bitcoin.   3) You exchange $1950.00, We pay you $50.00.    Stage 3: 1) Basic information: - Bit Wallet-(3QboWKyPsgyj69hxetuquWoeMgfCLaAB3o) - a code ( code) of Bitcoin Wallet attached.   2) Read the Q code ( code) on your phone, or print it out and take a paper to Bitcoin ATM with you. - You will find the code installed within the ATM and you need just scan the ID code.   3) Local : Location: Location: Alexandra's Pizza - Cole Harbour Address:900 Cole Harbour Road South, NH, NY6 Canada   4) The company will give you money to took a taxi or if you have your own car, we give you the money to buy gas.   5) Please watch the video and you will see how it is easy. Read more in the description below the video. https://vimeo.com/123962195 https://vimeo.com/66981171    Stage 4:   1) Take a picture or scan a text and send it to me.   2) Bank commission or any other fee if you will have to pay you will pay from the transferred to you amount.   3) Perform each point without wasting of time on other pursuits.   4) Always keep me informed and respond immediately and be ready to tell me at what step you are performing. Use Google Maps to view the location of your bank branch/ATM and Bitcoin ATM.    How much time you need to complete this task?   - You should always be available on your phone and email.  - Please confirm that you read this message and ready to talk with the operator of our company for the interview!   - Please don't have other affairs during performing this task!   - All translations are under the supervision of banks and their services.   -All the information will not be shared to third parties.    If you have any questions, please ask me. I'm here online to help you. Thank you.    Actress,    Manager Katherine Salazar.  Arithmos Financial Innovations Inc.  Head office phone number-6842   Head office address: 800 Bay St, Toronto, ON,.   Company website: arithmosfin.com    Thank you. I have all the email that, I have all the emails that I have received, I am very worried, that they have used my name for different acts. Thank for all your help 
I received an email from Jessica Wilson: Dear      , My name is Jessica Wilson. I'm a new manager of "Corporate Business Solutions". I found your resume on the INDEED.COM web site. Currently we are looking for new employees in some cities of Canada. At the moment we have two available positions for your choice:   CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE   INFORMATION ENTRY OPERATOR You will find the full information on our web site: www.corpsol.biz Job type: Full-time and Part-time. Pay is weekly. If you wish to apply, please follow these steps: 1. Choose a position on our web site and click "Apply". 2. Fill-out the "Application for Employment" file and send it along with your resume on my corporate email. I'll review your Application as soon as possible, and you will receive a reply from me, containing the next steps of the registration process. We need an employee for this positions in 2-3 business days, so I'll be waiting for the filled "Application for Employment" file from you today. Best regards, Jessica Wilson, my manager of "Corporate Business Solutions" I have all our email conversations including Skype. Below is the last email I received from Jessica Wilson until I mentioned to my husband that there may be a delay regarding receiving the equipment I needed to start the job.  My husband said, "This to me, is starting to sound like a SCAM."  I then went on to BETTER BUSINESS BUREAU and did my research on CORPORATE BUSINESS SOLUTIONS. And, I found one that showed exact same email letter I received from Jessica Wilson: Dear         Jess Our warehouse manager just informed me that we don't have anyone in our warehouse at the moment. They will receive new equipment after July 3th. Starting  from 2015 we buy office equipment with a 30% discount in our customer's online store only. They are receiving the payments on their "cash" wallet only, but our clients are unable to make payments on the "other" wallet at the moment. Our director just offered to our clients to send the money to you for your office equipment (about $1500 CAD). After receiving the money from our accounts, you should pay $1500 USD for your office equipment - send the money to the online store's "cash" wallet from any nearest "local" bank. After the payment you will receive your equipment in 1-2 days by express mail. You may find the nearest "true" "" in town. There is not any transfer fee. You don't need to spend your own money for this! The fastest way to send $1500 USD to you is "The e-Transfer" system. Have you ever used "the e-Transfer"? Best regards, Jessica Wilson, a manager of "Corporate Business Solutions" Working hours: 8:00 AM - 3:30 PM (ET) Head offices: U.S.A: 200 Biscayne Blvd, Miami, FL 33132 Place: 275 Main St, Ottawa, ON K1P5H9
"Company" targeting people with names posted to job sites. Sounds related to a case report for "Sensible Media Limited". Email states that they are looking for Client Service Representatives, offering a flexible schedule, full-time hours and a starting bonus and higher than average wage. More than a few small errors in the email as well as a closing date long past. No phone numbers  or website information provided.
I am not sure if this is a joke, it just sound kind of strange to receive such an email from a company in the uk. this is what they are requesting. Driesmans Oil Co. produce quality petroleum products which are been purchased by companies around the Globe. We work continuously to exceed our customer expectations by using regional representatives to build a long lasting relationship. We believe that you are the perfect candidate for this position that why you were contacted and this job will only take less than an hour of your time daily and does not require you have any prior experience in the Oil business. YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES:   Good verbal  and  written communication skills.   To become an accountable Driesmans Oil Co.   Facilitate swift payment of outstanding interest.   Process incoming payments from our customers in United States and Canada. Our company Monthly salary are of two categories 1. Individual Registration ($5,000 and 5% commission) 2. Corporate Registration ($8,000 and 8% commission)
I was recently offered a part-time position as a Customer Service Manager with this market research company. I was initially contacted through the job search engine indeed.com by one of the company's executives. Only a few questions were asked of me before I was approved for the position. Questions included my full name as it appears on my ID, address, phone number, date of birth, where I do my banking. All correspondence was done via email at first. My first assignment required me to deposit a check into my personal bank account and keep part of the funds as payment and the rest was to be used for my assignment. Specific instructions were promised to accompany the letter and letter. However, upon reading of said letter and request, instructions were then only to be given after putting the funds in my personal account. This is when I really got nervous and decided to consult with my accountant for advice. He convinced me that the info I had shared with him led him to believe this to be a scheme, a money fraud or fraud enterprise. I decided to trust him and my gut and so I have declined the position. I am still waiting for final correspondence in reaction to my refusal of the assignment and instructions for the return of the child. The image I attached is of the initial email I received, asking if I would be interested in learning more about the opportunity. I have saved copies of all other correspondence, including the letter that accompanied the letter.
This is the email I received today: Yes (My Name), Let me spend a little of your time. Your contact information we found on the job search site, and we know that you are looking for work. We would like to offer few services for you at Allen Automation Inc. The main field of activity of the company Allen Automation Inc is the export to North America of equipment for automation, materials and raw chemicals. We appreciate all our employees, and therefore, together with a pleasant meal you will receive the following benefits: Sick, personal, and parental leave. Tuition reimbursement. Life and disability insurance. The mid salary for coaches is $ 30 per hour. 20 days of vacation. Personal equipment for work (phone and tablet) as well we will be pay for your transport cost and mobile connection. If you are willing accept this offer, your start date will be today or another mutually agreed upon date that you would prefer. To accept the offer and get more information, you just need to reply to this letter and I will give you full vacancy list. If you have any questions, I will be glad to answer you. Also, please add my email address to your contact list to avoid missing important emails. We are looking forward to see you as a team member and helping you reach your goals with Allen Automation Inc. If you are not interested in this offer, I would be grateful if you send an empty message with the subject of the letter "unsubscribe" Best regards, Allen Automation Inc Rosa R. Earhart Chief Executive Manager   Allen Automation Inc   Executive phone: () 706-2259 site: www.allenautomationinc.com email: rosaearhart@allenautomationinc.com address: 200 Bluewater Rd, Bedford, NS,.
I was contacted by someone saying they were this company, which was supposedly based in Toronto and they would be opening a new office in my city (Ottawa). They said they were taking several positions and was I still interested in an Administrative Assistant job.  If so please respond with my full name and telephone number stating I am interested in a telephone interview. A few days later I received a phone call and telephone interview. A couple days after that I was sent another e-mail stating that I passed the interview and they were interested in hiring me. They said they wanted to send me a check by mail to buy supplies to help set up their new office. They asked for my full name, email address and telephone number so they could send me the letter. I found this very suspicious so I called the business name and address and nothing came up. So I came on here to do a search for them and found many similar scenarios. I stopped communicating with them after this. I am guessing they would eventually ask for my S.I.N. or banking information to process my pay and try to set me blind.  I hope this helps prevent others from being taken advantage of.
 The following email was sent to me for job offer. The amount they offer for part time is $1000 per week and full time is $5000 per month. I tried very hard to find anything online about this company, but i was unsuccessful. Their website indicates they have been in business for 20 years, so there should be something online. They indicate they are a member of Access.org, but when i searched them i did not find their business listed in the directory. Their website is also design by online website design application, i am puzzled how they can offer that substantial pay to their employees, but cannot afford to hire a professional designer. "Staff and Jobs INC is pleased to welcome you. I received your letter. I would like to tell you about our company.    My name is Trinity Anderson. I am the Head of the HR Department. At present, we are expanding our staff and making it better. In the 21st century, the whole industry is going online (the Internet). "The Internet is our future" - citing the words of our supervisor. Our main goal is to help enterprises meet their needs for human resources, as well as to meet the needs of job-makers. As you have already read in Job Description all employees undergo a probation period of 10 days (This period is paid). This is to teach you some special skills (such as working online, the site studies, ability to work with clients. Study and search this and many more).  Dear,              Welcome! You are greeted by one of the best and most sensible companies Staff and Jobs INC. We conduct our operations and continue the development in the field of Human Resources. Recently, we have expanded our staff and we are planning to open new offices in 4 cities of Canada. But this is not the end. The most important quality that we require from our future employees is the full commitment to the job. We value hard-workers and positive people. We would like to offer you a position of Human Resource Specialist. We have studied your resume and came to the conclusion that you will suit for this role. If you are interested in our team of specialists, please check the "Job section"! After you have read our offer, you must answer the questions. I'm interested in your opinion : 1 - How much time do you spend on use a computer per day? As you have already noticed in Job Description that we offer two types of employment: Full-time job in the office and part-time job from your home. 2 - What kind of employment suits you? Start immediately. Please answer the questions and send me your reply as soon as possible. Best regards, Staff and Jobs INC, Trinity Anderson Contacts:  bull 	Company name: Staff and Jobs INC.  bull 	Website: http://staffnjobs.com/  bull 	Telephone: +1 (604)262-5582 
I received the following email stating they are responding to my interest in a job ( I have not applied for their company) "We have received your answer and interest in our company on the job site. First of all, I want to remind us. Our company ( Onteora Group) provides IT services to many clients in USA, Canada and Australia. You can visit our website to learn more about us. We have reviewed your resume. I inform you that we would like to have you in our company since you meet the minimum requirements and we would like to discuss the possibility of your future employment. Unfortunately vacancy you are interested is no longer available. But we would like to offer you work as a Customer Service Representative. You will receive training and acquire skills required for work. We made a job placement very simple and you can complete it fast. You will need to send us the necessary documents by email only. For a start, you will need to do some simple steps: 1. Download in attachment and read carefully "Job Description". 2. If you agree with terms of "Job Description" - go to step #3. 3. Fill in the "Application Form" in the attachment (PDF or id) and send it back to patriciabell@onteoragroup.com This offer is valid within 5 working days. The next step is a phone interview. We will contact you within 2 working days after we receive your application form. I will be waiting for your early reply." The attachment contained offer of German and in writing in the titles (i can read. so i was able to spot it) I was then contacted by someone on the phone who advised me if i am interested to reply to the email address. After i replied I am interested in the position, i have not heard back from them.
This lady offered me Operations manager position with a high salary. She said she got my call from indeed.com. I have posted my blog on indeed.com. Without any interview she provided the employment contract. Then she said she guide me to open new office in Montreal. She said she would never transfer funds in my account and have to withdraw and take it to Bitcoin ATM and send it. At this point I became suspicious. I asked why I need to deposit money via paper to my account and withdraw and send it via email. They could gave done it themselves. I keep asking more and more logical questions, they could not give me any satisfactory answer except by saying they need to see how wrong I am with money. Oh that. I got alarmed. Thank God i didn't agree to receive money and transfer funds via email. I want everyone to get warned about this place.
Offers a job and gets you to use your bank account to make transfers through e-transfer from one client to another and then uses their cards to transfer the actual cash to another. Your bank account then gets a warning and charges. Locks you out of your account. It's obviously stolen money and this is how they are handling the money.
Got a call from some lady in Australia, despite me being in Canada, about if I wanted to work as an "Online Trader". Didn't really specify what i'd be doing, but said that I'd be making $1000 a month, but had to pay them $500 to open/active my 'Traders Account'. She kept ignoring me because I said I was a genius and can't make 'US' only 'CAD'. Once she tried to transfer me to their finance manager to pay them I hung up and ignored their second call. Not to mention, that during the entire call, there was a LOT of LOUD noises in the background of just other people talking...
Contacted me about a job opportunity, that had a high pay scale for what requirements were needed. They stated that it would be a 14 day trial period and you would be paid by wire transfer. First day of the  legal trial period,  the contact said that they were just getting the accountant to send a text (interact email transfer) and I would need to go to a bit coin bank and sent them the bar code. I thought it was too good to be true and with that request I knew it was.
Received email and attached PDF file. Said they had employment opportunities for me. I've been using the Indeed website to look for jobs and this must be where they got hold of my CV. PDF contents: Office Assistant- Full time office/Part time office/Part time work at home. This position requires professionalism as you will be dealing with confidential information and the ability to live in a fast-paced environment. Full time - office work.? - (mon-day)? At least 6 month contract, with possibility of extension? Start immediately Salary: $20/h Part time - office work /work at home.? 3-4 hours a day (mon-free)? Possible to work in the office or at home? At least 2 month contract, with possibility of extension? Flexible work schedule (possible to use your personal work schedule)? Start immediately Salary: $100/h Training period:? Preparation and training for basic work? Training the basic skills of the profession? Training duration 5 days (work at home)? Paid Training $50 per day? Part-Time (3-4 hours per day) The advantages:? Work in a local fast-growing company? 4% Vacation pay added each week? Quick career progress? Rising wages? A lot of free time? You get a rich experience? Ability to combine work with other job.? Eligibility for Individual Health and Dental Benefits? On-site free parking? Friendly office environment Duties:  bull  Filing / organizing / scanning and other technical duties  bull  Answering of the phone and speaking with clients and customers  bull  Assistance with the inventory  bull  Analyze and review service contracts and checks for accuracy  bull  Assist with the AP list creation and execution of payments  bull  Employees expense reports, documents, and credit card applications  bull  Intercompany transactions and reconciliation  bull  Assist with Financial Reporting projects  bull  Compile and distribute Weekly Reports to management  bull  Order office supplies  bull  Any other special duties Qualification:  bull  No experience required  bull  Must have experience with Microsoft Office and familiar with computers  bull  Must have experience with inventory / maintenance department  bull  Must have experience or knowledge of Manufacturing Setting  bull  Ability to work independently and take the initiative  bull  Team Player Data Entry Clerk- Full time office/Part time office/Part time work at home. This position requires professionalism as you will be dealing with confidential information and the ability to live in a fast-paced environment. Full time - office work.? - (mon-day)? Contract for 3 months with possibility of extension? Start immediately Salary: $100/h Part time - office work /work at home.  bull  Contract for 3 months with possibility of extension  bull  3-4 Working days per week, not more than 5 hours to complete the job  bull  Flexible work schedule (the ability to use the personal work schedule)  bull  Start immediately Salary: $50/h Training period:? Preparation and training for basic work? Training the basic skills of the profession? Training duration 5 days (work at home)? Paid Training $50 per day? Part-Time (3-4 hours per day) The advantages:? Work in a local fast-growing company? 4% Vacation pay added each week? Quick career progress? Rising wages? A lot of free time? You get a rich experience? Ability to combine work with other job.? Eligibility for Individual Health and Dental Benefits? On-site free parking? Friendly office environment Duties:  bull  Read Source documents such as canceled checks, sales reports, or bills, and enter data in specific data fields or onto tapes or disks for subsequent entry, using keyboards or software.  bull ish, Locate and correct errors.  bull  Compare Data with source documents, or present data in similar format to detect errors.  bull  Maintain logs of activities and completed work  bull  Performs data entry tasks in an accurate and orderly fashion according to team production standards.  bull  Perform standard data entry tasks according to team minimum production and accuracy standards, examine data records, inspect and record incoming data for consistency, accuracy of codes and other potential problems in processing  bull  Issues with the warehouse regarding inventory and materials information Qualifications:  bull  No experience required  bull  Excellent verbal and written communication skills, ability to work well under various stress and time sensitive situations  bull  Strong attention to detail  bull  Ability to accurately document and record customer / client information  bull  Good With online computer skills (accounting, etc.)  bull  Expert user of Microsoft Excel, Access and Word Services - Full time office. Responsible for answering, screening and directing phone calls, greeting visitors with a high level of customer service, lunch duties, and any other administration as required.? - (mon-day)? At least 6 month contract, with possibility of extension? Start immediately Salary: $17 p/h Training period:? Preparation and training for basic work? Training the basic skills of the profession? Training duration 5 days (work at home)? Paid Training $50 per day? Part-Time (3-4 hours per day) The advantages:? Work in a local fast-growing company? 4% Vacation pay added each week? Quick career progress? Rising wages? A lot of free time? You get a rich experience? Ability to combine work with other job.? Eligibility for Individual Health and Dental Benefits? On-site free parking? Friendly office environment Duties:  bull  Performing social functions  bull  Receive and send packages via mobile  bull  Maintain transport schedule and equipment  bull  Answering phones and welcoming visitors in a professional manner  bull ing, Filing, Recording and other general administrative duties  bull  Calendar management for executives Qualification:  bull  No experience required  bull  Ability to play  bull  Keen desire to grow and learn  bull  Working knowledge of email and phone systems  bull  Able to organize and multi-task  bull  Team Player Customer Service/Call Centre - Full time office. We are looking for someone to become truly familiar with our custom management platform, who takes pride in their work and is as eager as we are to grow and succeed.? - (mon-day)? At least 6 month contract, with possibility of extension? Start immediately Salary: $100/h Training period:? Preparation and training for basic work? Training the basic skills of the profession? Training duration 5 days (work at home)? Paid Training $50 per day? Part-Time (3-4 hours per day) The advantages:? Work in a local fast-growing company? 4% Vacation pay added each week? Quick career progress? Rising wages? A lot of free time? You get a rich experience? Ability to combine work with other job.? Eligibility for Individual Health and Dental Benefits? On-site free parking? Friendly office environment Duties:  bull  Taking phone calls from customers to answer questions about products or services  bull dog calls to process  bull  Communication with internal departments to ensure a win win solution  bull  Providing product knowledge  bull  Coordinate with other teams, provide support as needed  bull  provide honest customer feedback to the team  bull  pro-actively learn new procedures, expand product knowledge  and  provide positive feedback to the team Qualifications:  bull  No experience required  bull  Possess a strong willingness to learn  bull  Excellent written and verbal communication skills, and effective verbal skills  bull  Sound computer skills including confidence in using Microsoft word, model and outlook  bull  Finds satisfaction in achieving results
This company contacted me through a ad I posted on it about looking for work, so I get a phone call from this lady name Jasbir Sekhon  and  Jess(for short) who schedules a interview with me the same, so I go for the interview, during the interview i was having a hard time understanding her and so I kept nodding, she went through it really fast and it came down to her asking for my social insurance number which I couldn't remember so we then proceeded to my house to grab my sin number, before I go grab it she says oh and grab your Credit card and I told her I only have debt she said that she s ok, so I asked her why and she said I told you already,did you forget. After all that we get to her office and she tells me that I have to pay a fee for the site, I told her I don't have any money to pay, then she just goes and pays for it with her card which I felt that was forced upon me cause I didn't ask her to pay for it or even want to join the site, then she tells me write down all my debt card information and the date, which I did.Then she tells me to get a blank check from my bank and drops me off at the bank, so I go and ask for one, the lady at the bank gives me a weird look and asks why, I try to explain to her and she is s still confused as to why I need a blank slate. So I get picked back up and I told Jess what happened, then she she s like thats ok you you ll pay me cash, and I questioned her again why I need to pay this fee, she said it is s for the training and for the site but before all this she told me the training was free. Then they expect me to walk around all day and recruit people the same way she did to me without getting paid cause apparently I she m my own business, is what they kept saying to me when I asked how do I make money from this company. Then she finally tells me that I get the money back when I'm done, so what is s the point on paying for that if you get it back and why do you have to pay a fee for a company that stops hiring you. Doesn't make sense. So I requested my money back and told her I don't want to  do work out  for them anymore, but their holding my money and keep telling me to go to their office so they can explain to me but they already explained to me 4 times already and I keep hearing the same thing from them. I still don't know how I'll make money from the company.All I know is They took $131.25  from me...I have to recruit people to get promoted without pay and they have my debt card information with the date and my social insurance number.
I was employed at IBM on Twitter during 2017. The owner      also failed to pay me for the last two pay periods of my employed and that ended being the reason why I terminated my employment. After numerous attempts to work it out privately. He has ignored all attempts of contact and denying that he owes me said money. I worked my ass off for him to only learn he is a fraud and in debt with the CRA and other agencies for loans.
While looking for a job, I received an e-mail from Richard West at Capio Business Solutions Inc stating that they have a good salary and position waiting for me if I choose to e-mail them back and accept.  I asked questions which were not answered in their original e-mail and they sent me a copy of the job offer.  Included in the offer was the following: "It is home based job. You will work from your home. Using your phone or laptop." "Bank account for work: During the trial period you may need to use your personal bank account. Your account will only be used during the trial period, after passing it you will be provided with a company account." It sounded like a fairly decent offer to work from home up until I read that I would be using my own devices and bank account.  They sent an e-mail directly and claimed to have found me on the job website website, which I had been visiting daily.  The letter was well written and formal enough to sound real, so if you went over your e-mail, you might miss important details. They also sent a Labour Agreement which stated, among other things: "5) Disability: In the event that the Employee cannot perform the duties because of illness or disability for a period of more than 1 week, the compensation otherwise due during said illness or disability will be reduced by 50% percent. The Employee's full compensation will be reinstated upon return to work. However, if the Employee is absent from work for any reason for a continuous period of over 1 month, the Company may terminate the Employee's employment, and the Company's obligations under this agreement will cease on that date." This is not in accordance with the Human Rights Tribunal or Employment Standards Act. I did not continue the e-mail conversation, and their website has apparently been up since 2010 although, according to the Government of Canada, their business has only been active since February, 2017. As you should never have to provide personal bank account information to your employer, I am asking you to look into their business.  Their business number is 825640055RC0001 and located at a residence in Newmarket, Ontario.
I was contacted by this business via email. They claimed to get my email off indeed jobs. They offered me a position as an office assistant in Sydney capetown. All I needed to do was to fill out a form and a copy of my drivers license and pay it back. Which I did. The next day, someone was suppose to call me, which no one did. I then received an email asking me to deposit a check they were going to send me. The check would be for 2000 dollars and to send a picture of the girl and all info. Obviously I knew here it was a trap. When I have tried to phone this number, it is s a cell phone that no one answers.
This is from me searching for a position on the job site "Indeed". Wanted to alert you to a JOB, with regards to the company "Corporate Business Solutions". They have address listed in the following  U.S.A:200 Biscayne Blvd, Miami, FL 33132 Canada: 275 Main Street, Ottawa, ON K1P5H9.  THIS IS THEM:  Our warehouse manager just informed me that we don't have anyone in our warehouse at the moment. They will receive new equipment after June 11th. Starting  from 2015 we buy office equipment with a 30% discount in our customer's online store only. They are receiving the payments on their "cash" wallet only, but our clients are unable to make payments on the "other" wallet at the moment. Our director just offered to our clients to send the money to you for your office equipment (about $1500 CAD). After receiving the money from our accounts, you should pay $1500 USD for your office equipment - send the money to the online store's "cash" wallet from any nearest "local" bank. After the payment you will receive your equipment in 1-2 days by express mail. You may find the nearest "true" "" in town. There is not any transfer fee. You don't need to spend your own money for this! The fastest way to send $1500 USD to you is "The e-Transfer" system. Have you ever used "the e-Transfer"? On the surface it does look a like a real opportunity, but when they final get to this above point in one weeks time, after what I now know is a wasted week.  It is obvious that it is a job deal. Has anyone else reported this company under "Corporate Business Solutions" or any other company name?  Any feedback would be greatly appreciated.
Got mail from Ryan Taylor offering the job Asset manager position. If you try to call the number it won't work. Next day I got mail from same person asking to download the app you will connect with Jonathan Smith. He will ask for personal account details. I feel it's completely illegal what they do. Please be aware with such mail.
Sends them in mail then wants you
They contacted me through email. Then sent me a letter regarding the positions. Never heard of them and I decided to check out the company, especially when they said they were moving to Edmonton. I could not find them anywhere on Better Business Bureau nor at the address they listed. I'm thinking this is a plan similar to one I almost fell for a few years ago when jobs were hard to come by. When that company said they needed my banking information to transfer funds for purchasing bit cards, I suggested I open a different account and not use my personal one. Haven't heard from them after. This feels the same. I chose to send it to you and then lose everything. I did not download anything to my computer. Everything is in my email. Thank you
They are supposedly hiring models for their clothing line but the requirements are that you have to buy one of their shirts and model it. They will put it up on their posters but people never get paid. This is their way of getting free advertising and sales. I have talked to a lot of people who lost money for this
We reviewed your candidacy and we invite you to pass the trial period. At first, I would like to tell you a little bit more about position. You filled out Application form for an assistant position, below you find all rates and your duties. This position allows two employment options: Full-time: 40 hours/week Part time: 20 hours/week Your salary after the trial period will depend on how you will pass it. At least you will be paid 33$/hour but it may be higher if you prove us as the necessary employee during the trial period. What you will do during trial period and after: During trial period you will work with EMT (Email money transfer) or with Credit card payments and process it to account. Salary rates during trial period: During probation period your wage will be paid $100 for every processed transaction. Also 30$/hour, but this amount will calculate and transfer after you pass trial period. To pass the trial period successfully, you are to follow the points listed below: For the temporary use of employees' accounts, our company pays additional compensation. After successfully passed trial period, you will work with our corporate account with personal access in our new office near your location, which will be open at 8, 5. You will be given a list of the entire customer base and you can independently accept orders in the online chat, and you will also be provided with a name and password from the account. During trial period you will work in WhatsApp with manager. During the trial period corporate money will be received on your account with the help of which the legal assistant makes payment for the services of our clients and partners, using the corporate account purse provided by the financial department of our company. All the necessary instructions and descriptions you will receive via phone and email. It is important to follow the instructions carefully, in case of any questions / difficulties, manager always help you. During the task execution, you will need to check WhatsApp and mail, and always answer the manager's calls and messages. During the task execution, you cannot cancel the task. If you fully understand what you will do please email me with confirmation and I'll send you Trial period contract for sign. Also want to note, if you signed a contract, you can not refuse and you will have to fulfill all obligations. Regards, Manager: Dorothy Logue Business Tour Travel I first learned about the company through an Indeed ad. I was then asked to fill out a legal form and then I was contacted by phone and told that I'd receive an email about the next steps.
This company contacted me because i was looking for work.  they seemed fairly quiet except for a few things. first they offered a "probation period"  where you would be an employee just for signing a contract.  and then you would meet with someone to fill out the rest of the paperwork.  The salary for this probation period was less than minimum wage in my area.  that was the first clue, the second clue was the bad grammar the teacher used. when they asked me to send a picture of my face with the signed contract is what led me to call the police.  There is no insurance company that would ask you to do so.
I received an email from Laura as a response to my job offer. All of this started after I started using indeed.com. here's what her email said: "2: Hello Hello! L lauraaldridgehr@gmail.com Sat 2018-05-26 11:53 AM To: Shavon (ShavonNoel@outlook.com)  You read this message on 2018-05-27 10:46 AM What we need 595 KB About : 976 K Show all 2 times (2 pages) Save all to OneDrive - Personal Dear Shavon! We received you response application for the vacancy our company provided. My name is Laura Aldridge, I'm a manager of Canada-Bitcoingroup. We are ready to offer you the position of Assistant of Senior Manager. Bitnational is a leading sponsor, fund manager and asset manager of infrastructure projects. We believe success is delivered through building long-standing relationships with our clients, employees, partners, investors and communities we serve. Each new employee, an internship for 1 month. This is the time you work from home with your personal computer. You will be assigned a curator, who will assign you a task and help with their implementation. Upon successful completion of the training period, you will be invited to work in the office of the company or able to continue to work at home on their own. To this letter I have attached document's: "About us" and "What we offer" This document describes the main provisions of vacancy (working hours, salaries, responsibilities, required skills) We offer competitive salaries and benefits for the right candidates who wish to be part of a focused and innovative team. If you are interested in professional development and would like to be part of our team, we may have the perfect opportunity for you. Then I will send you the "Application Form" and "Employment Contract". With kind regards to manager Laura Aldridge." I responded and she gave me the rest of the information. There were too many possibilities. "2: Hello Hello! L lauraaldridgehr@gmail.com Sat 2018-05-26 11:53 AM To: Shavon (ShavonNoel@outlook.com)  You read this message on 2018-05-27 10:46 AM What we need 595 KB About : 976 K Show all 2 times (2 pages) Save all to OneDrive - Personal Dear Shavon! We received you response application for the vacancy our company provided. My name is Laura Aldridge, I'm a manager of Canada-Bitcoingroup. We are ready to offer you the position of Assistant of Senior Manager. Bitnational is a leading sponsor, fund manager and asset manager of infrastructure projects. We believe success is delivered through building long-standing relationships with our clients, employees, partners, investors and communities we serve. Each new employee, an internship for 1 month. This is the time you work from home with your personal computer. You will be assigned a curator, who will assign you a task and help with their implementation. Upon successful completion of the training period, you will be invited to work in the office of the company or able to continue to work at home on their own. To this letter I have attached document's: "About us" and "What we offer" This document describes the main provisions of vacancy (working hours, salaries, responsibilities, required skills) We offer competitive salaries and benefits for the right candidates who wish to be part of a focused and innovative team. If you are interested in professional development and would like to be part of our team, we may have the perfect opportunity for you. Then I will send you the "Application Form" and "Employment Contract". With kind regards to manager Laura Aldridge. SN Shavon Noel Hello again! Thank you for responding in such a good manner. I'd love to receive the application form as well as the employment application. Should I email this email address if I have any questions? Also, is there a deadline for me to submit my application? Sat 05-26 SN Shavon Noel Shavon Noel Suna :VE Outlook CO1NAM05FT027.mail.protection.outlook.com rejected your message to the following email addresses: Thomas.b.hammond@hotmail.com (Thomas.b.hammond@hotmail.com) A communication failure occurred during the delivery of this message. Please try to send the message Suna L lauraaldridgehr@gmail.com Sun 2018-05-27 5:14 PM To: Shavon Noel (ShavonNoel@outlook.com)  You read this message on 2018-05-28 9:19 AM Application Form 713 KB Application Form (Bank details).pdf 395 KB Employment contract.pdf 1. Show all 3 times (2 MB) Save all to OneDrive - Personal Dear Shavon. You must send me the completed documents to this email address. Also, I ask you to fill out the documents as soon as possible. You can ask any questions to me. You don't have a deadline for the application, but still I hope that you will do it quickly. In this letter I want to explain you all instructions you will need for employment in our company. In order that we could officially employ you, it is necessary for you to make the following things: It is necessary for you:  bull  to print these documents   bull  study it and   bull  to put your signature, date and your full name at the end of the document   bull  to scan and send it for us. 1. To fill "Application Form" (each point of an application is suitable for filling and should include only your real data)  2. To fill  your Employment contract" All duties, conditions and details of your work are in this document. 3. To send a copy of your passport (It is necessary to send a copy of the page of your passport with the photo for your personal identification) or other document confirming your identity (e.g. driver's license)  4. To send your photo (s), with your passport in hands (other document confirms your identity) in hands so that would have been clearly seen your face and the photo in the passport (other document confirms your identity)  We are looking forward to hearing from you with the confirmation that you accept our offer touching upon work (do not forget to attach your documents). After consideration of documents, We will send you the letter with confirmation of your employment in our company. Laura Aldridge - Recruitment manager Canada-Bitcoingroup Human Resources Department doi:  +13069880437 ":  +17809000410"
Was contacted by CNC Machining Ltd via email after posting my resume on indeed. The initial email stated they had two job choices and that i met their ideal qualifications. They asked that If I was interested in either of the companies, to reply and they would send a full job description. They offered a large salary, with benefits including full medical, dental and vision, 4 weeks paid vacation, company iPhone and laptop, gas card etc. The phone number provided on the email as well as their website it is s a computer automated voice and after requesting to speak with them on the phone they will only email and send generic responses. After attempting to research the company online, little to nothing showed up, until I checked here and search for  a and data  and an almost identical story from someone else came up.
I had been applying for tons of jobs, so when a company sent me an email requesting a phone interview, I didn't think anything of it.They explained that they were rooted in BC, but that they had purchased office space in Ontario and were going to be opening a location in Toronto. Before the interview though, they offered me a full time position with quite a decent salary considering the only experience needed was high school. They said they would start me on a two week probation period, which I told them I couldn't start until the following Monday because I had to make arrangements with my current job first, which they said was fine. The next day, they texted me four times, all of which went unnoticed because i was at work, followed by two emails telling me they required me to start the next day, as their CEO was planning to come down the next week to finish the office rental agreement. At this point I figured it had to be a dream of some sort, but decided to continue just to see what was going on.They sent me over an official looking contract which they had me fill out and sign, along with sending a picture of myself holding the signature. Now that brings us to my first day of training, in which they had me fill out a job posting and post it on an online board. That was simple enough. The next task was to post another job posting on an online board, except this time it was going to be paid. They explained that no money was to be coming out of my pocket, and that they'd transfer me the money in 2 or 3 minutes so I could purchase it to post the job online. Obviously as soon as they requested my banking information I email them back saying I was no longer in need of employment, and deleted the job they had me post. If the job offer seems too good to be true, it most likely is.
I'm looking for a better job so I have been applying to a large number of positions.  I received a message saying that I had been accepted as a staff assessment officer.  They said it was in response to an advertisement and a link to the add was provided. I did some research and found that this was a real company and there have been no cases involving them.  They said I would be doing an assessment of businesses as a sort of secret society.  At this point they had not asked for any information that was not already on my resume.  They handed me a package. While I was waiting for it I called the contact person who was listed as Diego Messenger. On the surface their answers appeared good but, I was getting a little suspicious. They said everything would be in the package.  When I got the package it only included three pages of material and a large pen. When I called to confirm some details my suspicions were confirmed. I they were much more worked about me paying this check then what I would be doing. They also did not have pre-arranged locations for me to go to.  This went against everything they said before.  I took the package to the police station and they confirmed it was a fake. Then I also informed the bank named on the phone.  I did not loose any money but, it I had was that check I'm sure I would have.
Upon finding a job opportunity (work-from-home) on craigslist.ca, I sent an email with a cover letter to the publisher of the post. The day after, I received an email saying I was selected as a potential candidate and that I needed to complete an online application. During the process of completing my online application, it required me to include my social insurance number - which I was most definitely not comfortable with (especially because it was an online application). I then proceeded to check their website and the links, including their social media links such as Facebook, Twitter and Twitter. All three links did not work and it did not lead me to their supposed pages, which further increased my speculation that it might be a trap. I don't know for sure if it's a lie but asking for my social insurance number online is a bit scary to me.
I was asked to do an online job for Dell EMC as some kind of customer service. Once the trial began she asked for my bank info which I gave. Then she said a deposit would be made through it and my next step was to go to a Bitcoin ATM and deposit money into the given bar code account. It was quite far away and she said take $50 for a taxi and do it within 2 hours of the deposit. I then received phone calls from her. She had a thick Italian accent and I could not understand her very well, but I was not comfortable doing anything for her.
The company suggested that I successfully applied for a position within "indeed" but they offered me another position "Online Service Agent" where I was basically asked to receive money and exchange it for cash upon completion I would receive a bonus of 3% for the payment that was received. They said it was a 5 day probation period that was only completed by 3% commission of payments made. And that after a successful interview a 45 day trial at the company's office would be provided with a $200 plus 3% commission basis. The company asked for Driver's License ID and bank information. Once provided they followed with instructions on how to commence the "training" and also that they could not let you use the E transfers as the system was "down" so they asked for your credit card number. They never provided a phone number to contact and when I called them to ask them to call me there excuse was that they were someone's on a business trip (New York) and could not make the call as it was too expensive.
This organization listed an opportunity for a stay-at-home writing position for a really good salary on campus. After applying for the position, they sent an email asking me to complete an online application form for the job and to use a reference ID number that they sent in the email - which looked like an automated response. Once you go to the website to complete the application it asks you for your social insurance number, all of your personal information, a photo of your drivers license and your drivers license number. When I saw this I looked the company up on Google and found that there are a few different people saying that this company is a bad employment. Some said they were asked for money when they did an online session, and others stated that they were asked for money after completing an online interview. I filled out false information and waited to see what would happen. I received an email saying that the position I applied for had been filled. However, I had applied the first day the ad was posted on Google, there were supposedly 14 open positions, and they had replied to me within 24 hours to set up an interview so that's pretty much impossible. Next, the email said that one of this'staff's friends' had an open part-time position and I should text them. I didn't do that because I had no idea what would happen, but this seemed super weird. Definitely a great way for them to collect too much of your personal information/serious identity theft concerns. check out: https://www.scamadviser.com/is-gtacareers.ca-a-fake-site.html https://www.reddit.com/r/jobs/comments/718j0w/is gtacareersca a job scam/ http://forums.redflagdeals.com/anyone-have-experience-gta-career-limited-1135929/ For examples of people talking about it being a fake. This ad is: https://toronto.craigslist.ca/tor/wri/d/writers-needed-now-both-ft-pt/6594167693.html
They offered employment and asked me to set up a bank account and provide details so they could transfer money in cash and then release it to their clients.  Their website cannot be accessed and the phone number when called always goes directly to voice mail.  They were intent on me getting a higher withdrawal limit as well.  It all seemed very suspicious.
I initially applied for this job on glassdoor.ca I received and email the next day offering me the position with "too good to be true " salary, with an option to work from home or out of an office. When I replied back to what benefits came with the full time or requested other information, I did not receive any reply. The next day the person sent me the same initial email again, asking me to respond to them. I replied again with my questions and no reply. The day after they sent the email again, so I decided to play, and asked them what info they needed and right away they replied with the agreement and a detailed email explaining things to why online play is the future. "You must send us the first page (scan or photo). And take a picture with the last page (which is your signature) so that your face and signature could be seen. The state law does not allow us to require from you any documents confirming the identity. Please send the link of your Facebook or Linkedin page." From the Email No information available about this company online other than their website, and their job offers on every job board
I was contact via email about a work from home position. I filled out an application and called it back. Within a few hours I received an email stating I had the position with no interview.
Originally asks you to post a job on indeed the move to LinkedIn. After that asked you for your bank info to transfer 3 sums of money to be transferred into it
On Mon, May 14, 2018, 9:39 AM Big Good Digital (Head of Operations), . ,   wrote:  "  g   g  g .  Hello      ,  hi  g  g   g  g .  I hope you had a good weekend.  g  g  g   g  g .  There is a pending payment from our client who is going to make an  order  -  to  order  or  - ,  through our agency.  g ,  g  As long as this is your first job task, you may feel free to rely  more  on  my ,  as  my  /  -  in  support. Also, I am going to review the whole process of your  art  -  -  work.  g ,  g  Becoming quite experienced, you will have to only manage 4-5  -  -  of  clients at the same time.  g  g  g   g  g .  There is the payment processing algorithm:  1  -  2   2  1  -  1. A client transfers money via Internet e-Transfer. We choose this .  -  -  method as of the highest security.  g ,  g  All payments bear your fee of 5%. You will get your commission  at , ,  rewards  of  / .  for each transaction.  g ,  g  For matching funds, you will get a secret question and its  right  answer.  g ,  g  In  a  /  in  order to deposit a processed transaction, you are entitled to apply  to  /  to  online banking systems using them from any device (laptop / tablet  PC  /  PC  /  /   /  /  or  app).  g  g  2   2  g .  2. Having finished training, you will be enabled to withdraw your  10  - .  funds through your bank office. We recommend you to avoid  :  g  by  withdrawing  a ,  of  money through banks as they usually have withdrawal limits  at  g  $  ($500),  or  or ,  which may slow down the transaction processing.  g  g  2   2  g .  3. Here, let me tell you how to process payments to our contractors  at  - ,  quickly and accurately. When accomplished the Step 2, please find the '' at  nearest Bitcoin ATM to process the transaction to our contractors'  @  g .  Second account.  g  g  g   g  g .  Why not?  t  g  g   g  g ?  We use it due to several significant reasons:  1  g  2   1 . .  1. it is highly safe and secure. Among all online banking , .  bank  systems,  a . .  this account shows the greatest security level.  g  g  2   2  g .  2. This operation processing is truly fast. Making bank  - ,  are  transfers,  or  g ,  you generally have to have transactions pending for a few days -  or ,  -  especially when you submit a check payment from another bank into  a ,  or  yours,  or  g ,  and the bank holds funds for verification. International .  - ,  transactions  at  / x  are also a time problem. This way, Bitcoin is much more efficient.  g  g  2   2  g .  3. Those fees are extremely low, and sometimes you may get no .  -  g  commission at all.  t  g  (   (  g  g  a) The closest Bitcoin ATM is here: .  g  /   /  g  -  2500 Hurontario St .  g ,  Mississauga, ON, St  St  g .  Canada . . .  (Bitcoin ATM is installed at Number 1 Convenience in Mississauga.)  g  g  g   g  g  g  b) Please be guided by this video for processing Bitcoin ATM  :  /  -  operations:  :  g  -   -  -   ;  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JRtrnNg &? list=( EX8lSP9NjdbJKV4cu9CYR8gNb3y  (  (  (  c) Open the C-code attached to this message as an image. This is  a  g ,  the  # .  a  unique ID for your payment. Please save it to the media library of . .  get  your  @  -  my  cell phone in advance.  g  g  3   4  g .  4. The transaction shall be processed within no longer than 3    hours.  A  g  /   /  g .  error rate is highly volatile related to CAD, USB and others.  g ,  g  Therefore, the transaction shall be accomplished within the  1  -  g  abovementioned time period.  g  g  g   g  g .  I am leaving for my scheduled meeting now, but I will check my  a  g  at  e-mail a .  g  a  bit later and immediately reply to all your questions.  g  g  g   g  g .  Thank you. Talk to you soon.  I  g  g   g  g  g  Enjoy your day.  g  g  g   g  g .  So,  t , .  Joshua Duley ,  g  g  (Head of Operations) ,  g .  Phone: (646) 583-0289 .  / .  Big Good Digital
Offered a job in the "financial department with a starting wage of 29.50 CAD. Did not go through with it after looking through their company website which is full of errors and inconsistencies. The website layout is very well designed but too suspicious. Grammar is not what you expect from a international shipping business. The "customers" they have listed don't exist. The customers names are mostly identical to each other. Stay away from this. Connection to the server is not secure or closed
I can't say for sure if this is a trap but it seems suspicious. They have job openings on nearly all job boards so I sent in my resume. I got an email back today saying I got the job of human resources specialist (something I'm not qualified to do) and was asked to reply with how many hours I spend on a computer in a day (very odd question) and whether I'd like to work full time in the office or part time from home. The whole email was done oddly and there was a job description included that was also read strangely and even said you don't need any qualifications to work for them but you will be paid a lot. I didn't reply and they sent a second follow up email which I also did not reply to. They have a good website but a Google search of their company name yields no results. They say they have been around in Canada since 2000 yet there is no mention of them online anywhere. They have multiple locations listed on their website but they aren't specific enough (such as the address of a strip mall but not the specific unit number). If you see the addresses they don't link back to Eternal Radiance Staffing Solutions (some appear to be available for rent) and on street view there is no sign indicating they would be located there. Again, I can't say for sure that it's a joke (Ive never spoken to anyone from the "company") but things just aren't adding up!
City Financial provided me with three potential positions, two of which were part-time at home and part in the office. The company shows only a Toronto address but indicate they are hiring across the province. They asked interview questions, then an employment agreement, then said I was hired and asked for banking details. When asked to talk to them or where the office is they said once all the details were received they would give the information. The company seems to exist online and has  no legitimated  corporate details but the phone number does not work. They keep going asking for my banking details, but the grammar is getting very bad, and the message more urgent.
I received an email from a man by the name of                 k, he said in a later email that he was from Sweden and the company is from Sweden and has offices in Canada and USA. What made me suspicious about this job offer was that I don't recall ever applying for a job named Zedar Consulting and I don't know what he meant by he saw my VC online. Also, I could not find much information about the company to support or deny its existence. I have attached one of the 5 versions of the emails I was sent.
They found my resume from career website and contact me if I am interested in being an online service manager. They don't have location in my city which makes hesitate.
I receive email from this company because I applied lots jobs on indeed. I am not sure if I apply to this company, but this company heard me saying want to hiring me. I was waiting for any phone interview, but there is no interview. They don't have office is my local and they say they will have a office open in my city in next month. Website is under maintain when I check it. They have send me job agreement and form for personal information to sign.they say they will pay direct deposit, email transfer or check. I am hesitate.
I received a job offer via email for a Online Service Manager seemed to be that but the process was far to easy and i was offered the job within days. The original Email seemed to be a lie. The web site looked up until i found a link to a US firm Total IT (totalit.com) witch just happened to have an identical website. Multiple attempts to contact both companies via phone or email failed other then the link to the original email source. Traced the Total IT phone number to an address in New Mexico. Another reason i believe it to be a joke is that condition of employment was to create a bit coin account that they would have access to.
Looking for work. Was contacted by someone saying she found my resume on a job seeking website ( one i use on a daily basis). She states in the email her company was trying to contact me for an administrative job.( no emails or phone calls or even job applications filled out in that regard). Explained i didnot get anything. And i have 5 days before the job is taken. Asked for more details. send another email stating the same but in a different font then saying i had the job for this company? But the email didnot change anything. They had to send paperwork if i accepted. The whole 27.00 to start wage( which seems odd to begin with for the description of this basic position). Ca, find any info on her or this " company" unless its linked to the uk.
I was approached by email about a job offered title Payment Manager paying full time 29.50/hour too good to be true I been applying for Accounting Clerk jobs for the past 4 months and all they pay is around 18-22 per hour. if lucky 23 I got submitted my resume to apply for the job and got an email out of the blue to be prepare with in an hour or two for an interview. they didn't called next day I got the call a lady asking me if I was still interested in the job and I reply yes she said your manager will send you all the information and details. I ask is there a way to communicate face to face. she said we only communicated through email or text.I asked how does a customer communicate with the company because I tried many time calling your company but there's never a connection. She said not to worry I would not have to dance with anyone. she explain that for the trail period I would have to use my bank account to release some money in order to do payments for various customers (they would deposit the money and I would manage it for the trial period) after that a corporate account would be assigned to me. I never had a proper interview she didn't care about my qualifications or past experience. After the call I got an email with requests for banking information and a labour agreement. I was desperate and reach out to a new professor at school and she confirmed my suspicion. I hope your can review and confirm my doubts. at this point I don't want my name or identity be taken because of a scar.
and a Job offer for Executive Assistant without so much as a telephone interview. Claimed to see my value off resume alone. Full time $27 to start and $34 after 30 day operation.   Requested a reply accepting offer to hiring@intercae.ca. Email gave a number to call for any questions, but the email was not closed with a persons name, rather "Home Department" no personal information was requested at this time. When I called the number a woman stating her name was being answered.  I asked her straight away if this offer was legitimate.  She told me there is an organization that assists schools with exchange students.  She told me the Edmonton office was opening in May, they are looking for office space. She asked if I had replied to the email - I said I had I was then told that in the interim I would be starting by doing work via the internet, until the office is up and running. And that id get a call in the next 2-3 business days to sort everything out. This whole thing felt funny to me.  If you use them - they are nonstop on the web.  The link for the website- takes you to a website that says "under construction" but gives the number from the email as a contact number.  I find this very hard to believe to be a real organization now, as if schools were indeed using them, there would be some record of them somewhere. They Claim to work with these "VALUED PARTNERS": Air Canada, Destination Canada,  And who they call "Aboriginal Tourism Association of Canada" but if you choose that organization, you are directed to Indigenous Tourism Canada, which uses the same logo as on the valued partners portion of the same website.  So perhaps they are utilizing them without consent as well.  NONE of these listed VALUED PARTNERS have any reference to INTER CAE on their websites. I am grateful I did some homework, but I was initially very excited to be offered such a "too good to be true" position.  I have been without work for 7 months and I  believe they were trying to take advantage of me at my most vulnerable.
A person named Sheri Li has posted job opportunities under the company name: "Tommy Hilfiger - Recruiting Department"  on the "Careers" job board at Camosun College. She posted twice (Feb. and Mar. 2018) under the job title 'Store Clerk.' A student who engaged with this fake employer was asked to deposit a $700 check in their personal bank account, cash it, then meet someone claiming to be from the company, to give them the cash as a business transaction. The deposited checks then bounced and the student was on the hook for the money missing from their bank account. I'm                                                                        and the student delivered this message to me. I encouraged them to contact the police.
31-an	email sent. Thank you for your interest. . 2nd - conversation by text "an interview". March 15th	after repeated "delays" boss asks Laura Ortega to have this conversation by text only. New store, and you can participate in the process! The process will provide you with the opportunity to show your commitment and readiness to join the team. You will receive a grant to encourage and compensate you for your time. I hope you will perform hence my support for you to be successful on the test assignment, I will share with you shortly. You have been assigned to receive the shipment of some minor office equipment to be delivered to you. You will take inventory of the delivery and send the details to me by email. I will direct another candidate to pick it up from you once inventory is received. Do you understand your assignment as outlined? you are free to ask for permission where necessary. Okay. where can I see the equipment? What's the purpose for that? You will be receiving the delivery at the office address. okay. Once we conclude our conversation, I will order for the items and I will forward the order confirmation to your email service. It will have the tracking number which will allow you to confirm the delivery or change delivery time and date to suit your schedule. okay.	I just need to receive the items, and sent the details of the items to you by email, right? Yes, that is absolutely correct. okay. Before we proceed to conclude our conversation, I must inform you that you will need funds to pay on delivery. How much for it? You are not expected to pay from your personal money. You will be provided with the required funds to cover for the payment. okay, how can I receive these funds?  I will send you a letter. As proof of your commitment, you will deposit this card. I will get back to you about delivery arrangements for Monday, April 23rd. Student deposited notes and sent screen shots of deposits. Then booked appointment with College Career Centre. Stopped after int'l student consulted with Employment Facilitator.	They threatened to "call police". I told them don't worry about that...He went to the building they said they rented and spoke with the manager. The manager of this modern downtown building said "No, there's no company moving into this building..Never heard of them." Student froze account and will open new account shortly.
A representative by the name of Cathy Beeker sent an email with a work from home job offer (one that I never applied to) that sounded way to good to be true. There was no interview and they wanted to hire me out. The contact number listed was never answered and the call was automated. After accepting the job, they requested that I create a bank account. They sent me a check to use for supplies I would need to work from home, the check was fraud and I was held responsible for it with my bank.
Don't mention the company name a and just kept stating that the are a A rated BBB member. Maybe it's not a concern but you wouldn't it shouldn't A rate a company that looks for employees like me this.
I was very excited to work with the company icon destinations by darn international. There was an apprenticeship that lasted for 3 months no paid at all. but with the promise of payment based in percentage of sales of travel packages, iconic events, or national concerts of small artists. I ended up staying 6 months with more promises every month that were never put in place. I was involved as social media manager and for the is reason the work I do is not specifically at the office. I work on line so I did go to the office just for meetings and special occasions.  And I know about online traffic and traffic on the pages and saw tragic on them but  he said he never sold any tickets for the specific events and asked me to promote the Facebook page and Twitter account but one payment went wrong on the bosses credit card and it did not go through. After a few days I was taken out of the administration account for icon destination and dab international LinkedIn to my personal Facebook account. And there was an unpaid bill. When I asked for the money to Rui Da Silva (the employer) he refused to pay. I've killed him, I've been to the office, I went to an office in the USA but it is s fake.
i am in search of job. today at the morning of April 17, 2018 i receive text - FROM NUMBER 16692280609 in such a text - hello.       and how are you doing? i am not.Newton Walker from (TPG Telecom Company) we have reviewed your resume, thoroughly would to interview you. Reply back if interested. I did reply and been asked to install an app to make this interview through. i've been given of email of the person CHRISTYLEVY777@GMAIL.COM at the beginning it does sound as interview with question-answer i was told that its full time position from home, as company planning to open own place soon in my city. Ive been told that for my work i will require apple computer and several types of software that will provide employer, and i will have to pay only shipping, i asked if i can pay shipping on pick-up, this woman said no, ill have to send them all the sum via western union as cash pick-up or by money gram. at that time i already realized its a  FRAUD i did quickly opened their website and tried to find contact number to call them, but it didnot have any, than i asked to send me JOB OFFER and it is said that i am invited to SYSTEMS position, there is wasnot any terms, conditions, my duties, no 'head' where must be full address and phone number, none of those. So, this woman said to me that my shipment will cost me $800, and i said i donot have it, and i said i have only half, she asked me if i can send $500? i said i have to think about it, asked where from she is calling she said right away from Los Angeles, CA. she have been very sure that i will send money right away, and was saying about my trust in company, and again if i trust send money. i said i cannot do any banking till another day, she said only till 8am e.t. I AM SURE THIS IS FRAUD, AND POSSIBLY PICTURE WAS ON. she spent with me time from 5 till then  no, that will spent more than 30 min. BE CAREFUL PEOPLE AS ON MY EMAIL START COMING OFFERS FOR CREDIT CARD, DATING ME.
It starts off like this. -Good day! My name is Cathy Beek am an IT manager at Five Star Consulting. Five Star Consulting is glad to welcome you. Five Star IT Consulting provides enterprise-grade IT support for small and middle businesses. We help your company get more IT bang for your business plan, handling network and application issues and solving user needs all while finding costs and driving your IT budget down. Five Star IT Consulting is a well established company providing a wide-ranging(and growing) portfolio of services. Clients approach us with many objectives: to evaluate and improve their existing infrastructure, promote information flow and reduce the cost of daily activity, improve their IT support and take advantage of the Internet-based technologies which are transforming the way we all do business. Bottom line: Five Star IT Consulting makes sure that your IT works for your business and not the other way around. We have a job offer for you. Currently we have an open 3 position of an Online Service Manager. We are always interested in finding warm, people-oriented to join Five Star IT team. About Online Service Managen position: Online service manager performs tasks in the Internet similar to ones performed by customer service representatives. However, as managers, they also provide other client service representatives. In general, representatives work to ensure clients' satisfaction with organization's products and services. They are often the primary point of contact for a client or customer. Their job assignments include directing and controlling the process and placement of orders, fielding customer requests, and receiving customer complaints. If you are interested in this position and you are ready to become a successful manager with the opportunity for career growth together with Five Star IT Consulting, please reply this mail and we will begin your employment. If you are not interested, please let us know also, and we will not bother you again. Then Hello, we have opened 3 pages for the position "ONLINE SERVICE MANAGER". Registration processes of new employees going via e-mail. So we are looking for new employees. We need a person who will keep in touch with our customers and clients. You need to build mutual dialogue and keep working together. You have to be online, it 'n't take much time to communicate with the customer, you just have to check your email or get a notification with detailed instructions. You will working online at your home and you don't have to relocate. You can take more information about company on website. Website is www.fivestaritconsulting.org Interview: You will get the interview at the office as soon as you pass probation period or you can get interview through a video-conference on campus. Requirements: 1. Neat appearance, good communication skills  2. Stress resistance, ability to find easy solutions to difficult problems  3. Organizational skills that will help successfully plan the day  4. Knowledge of the Web and basic knowledge at using Microsoft Office(Word and Excel)  5. Must be willing to work extra hours when there are operational needs. 6. Be responsible, to do the task in exact dates. Duties: 1. Market monitoring  2. Realization of customer orders  3. Collect information about the client  4. Personnel handling (search for qualified staff)  5. Incoming outgoing calls, $  5. Work with Word, help (make reports). Benefits: 1. Full Training  2. Health and Dental Insurance  3. 25 days of holiday  4. Growing opportunities  5. Flexible Working-hours. Schedule: 1. W?r?ing days: Monday - Friday 2.1 Working hours (full time position): 9 AM - 5 PM. 2.2 If you choose position of Part Time, you need to work at least 4 hours a day, it is possible to start the morning. Salary base: The Company shall pay Employee a Full-Time salary of 1340 USD/week, for the services of the Employee, available at regular every Friday at 6 pm. The Company shall pay Employee a Part-Time salary of 670c/week, for the services of the Employee, available at regular every Friday at 6 pm. About your probation period: At first you'll pass a probation period, which goes 10 days. You will perform a simple task, so that we can help you and give advice on the example of simple tasks. You'll be doing it online at your home area and you don't need to relocate. I will give instructions to you so that you can successfully go through that. During the probation period, we will teach you. During the probation period, you will get a pay. We will pay you 1140 CA/week for a Full-Time position and 570D/week for a Part-Time. I am your personal manager and all questions you can ask for me. I will be able to answer any questions that you have and will help you in all your beginnings. Hope to hear from you soon. Cathy Beek HR Manager FIVE STAR IT CONSULTING career@fivestaritconsulting.org ()-9933 after this they make you sign some bullshit agreement that's copy and paste  with an email saying Hello, i hate you! We chose you. You need to fill out the employment agreement on the instructions. Please see attached document. You have to: 1. Read the Labor Agreement carefully. 2. Print out the Labor Agreement. 3. Fill in your information at the bottom. 4. Put your signature at the bottom. 5. Make quality photo or scan and send it to me. You should comply with the terms of this agreement, in particular, start your working day without delay, be in touch with your manager constantly (It's me Cathy Beek), perform all tasks quickly and efficiently. In case of failure of your duties, your trial period breaks and we terminate our agreement. Your duties for trial period: 1) Be in touch with your manager (via email) constantly. I am interested in your success as well as you. I am responsible for you and your success. 2) Keep your mobile phone switched on (all the time of your work) 3) During the working day, you can not engage in side issues which disturb your work. 4) Strictly perform tasks (it will affect to decision about your permanent employment). 5) Make a report of each done task. During the probation period, you will get a pay. We will pay you 1140 CA/week for a Full-Time position and 570D/week for a Part-Time. You should check your email constantly throughout the day and quickly response to my messages, because I'm your manager and I have a few people in this position and I communicate via e-mail only. I am your mentor, I am interested in your success as well as you when you go through the trial period. So i need you to connect your phone to Internet connection to receive my messages without delays. To proceed with your registration process, please find the attached file, print it and fill in the Labor Agreement, then, send it back. No matter what you ask them or say anything they will not reply to your questions they just send another copy and send message Dear Ronny, Your first task is create a Yahoo Messenger account! Steps of creating a Yahoo Messenger account: 1.1) If you already have photo ID, go to step 4. 1.2) If you haven't got Yahoo ID, than go to messenger.yahoo.com 2) Press to "Create Account" 3) Text your first name, last name, new phone id, password, mobile phone number and birth date. 4) Log in to your messenger account on messenger.yahoo.com 5) Start a new conversation(image of pencil). 6) Text my photo ID. It's: cathy.beek@yahoo.com 7) Wait for my reply. Also you can download Yahoo Messenger to your phone, tablet or desktop. This will allow me to respond more quickly to your messages. I will wait your reply!. this is where i stopped and didn't go further as i knew it was a car.
"Samuel Gunter" recalled me from this agency saying that I had applied for a job, when I followed up he asked for personal information in exchange for work: Good morning, Thank you for your continued interest in becoming our advertised Staff Assessment Officer. Upon approval, your job as a Staff Assessment Officer would commence  immediately. Find below additional relevant details in moving to the next evaluation stage: If approved, your payment of $300 would be sent weekly (Salary: $300 PER ASSIGNMENT). Also it is our obligation to cover all the possible cost that would /might arise from every assignment assigned. Your assignment would include visiting places like Banks, Restaurants, Grocery Stores, Wal-Mart, etc to determine whether pre-determined price and customer service criteria are being agreed to. An assignment package would always be handed to you via computer with contents like specific instructions, assigned store/organization, a certified schedule, and a feedback form to report with. A Mandatory vulnerable sector check is required at this stage and upon successful completion - your first assignment would be assigned. Below are the requested details needed to carry out the vulnerable sector check: i. Full Name as stated on your ID: ii. Mail Address (INCLUDING UNIT #) and postal code: ST. Employment Status: no. Phone/bank number: v. Bank Name: v. Age (Date of Birth): Rs. Gender: Samuel Gunter 04-16-2018 Human Resource Manager +1 647-436-8006 - 103 www.leadwaystaffingltd.com --------------------------------------------------------- Note, I tried to call you but there are only automated attempts at his phone number. He does not return calls.
I was hired by this company for approx 2 weeks.i told them I could start but I would need help getting my tools there they told me no problem.everyday they put it off finally I got my tools there on my own.but the next 3 days were the beginning of the end when I could pay in the form of checks that I couldn't cash.this was at the end of the day when banks were closed.till the next day and didn't have the funds to get to work that was a friday.between then and today I was locked out of the business which keeps its doors locked so anyone can't just walk in. The one partner left out of province the other only tells me by text to be there at a certain time in the am and I did so waited at nearby coffee shop to answer text which finally got inserted the next day. And they proceeded to tell me that I was fired in which the didn't pay me on the spot made me wait until the 15 the and for both pays there was no response.the second pay was in the form of cash after taking a pension off me of 25.00 a day so that was 150.00 in total and my wage was never paid from the beginning.so basically there reason for letting me go was always late but they wouldn't let me in or they weren't there because I was waiting for them.and no show.then to top it all off my tool box was broken into and many items taken and others I wasn't able to recover because I was met with hostility over a argument bout these issues in text and that's what happened in my experience there.I've been in the trade of Autobody 30 and I've never been treated like that ever.
They offered me a job opportunity as a order processing officer for them. After consulting my local law enforcement I was advised they are running a.
 Found in several local papers in Southern Ontario. Voice of Pelham, Meaford Independent, Newsnow Niagara, Winchester Press, North Huron Citizen Careers. March and April 2018.   See Below for Initial Ad and Employers response.    AD Found in Voice of People April 2018:     Surgery required immediately for 71 year old lady suffering from Dementia (stage 1). To provide vital physical, practical and emotion support services 4 hours per day 4 times a week offering $ 25 per hour. Minor skills in senior management. Flexible hours so the reader gets to choose what days work best for them. Email directly to                         Leo    Robin's RESPONSE after I applied for position:    Thanks for showing interest in the position. My name is Robin Brewer and my husband's name is Tyler. We are flying back to Canada from Victoria, Australia. My Husband recently got promoted as the head of his research team. He works for the Government on climate and weather research). However, We need someone that will take care of my mother in law and help in running some roads when we arrive. Which city and suburb are you? We need someone to work 4 days per week. 4 hours per day and job includes feeding, medicine, household work, laundry etc and taking her to places. Full details will be discussed when we arrive and meet in person. You have to be someone who is smart enough to handle to this, someone who is very patient, loving, caring, out going person and responding to needs, reliable and loyal. You will monitor her with the best care possible.  My mother in law is everything to me and my husband so we are trusting you to give her the best care. My family will be offering you $400 weekly, We will be needing your services for 4 hours at any suitable time of morning let me know the four days of the week that works well for your schedule). If you know you are fit for this position in as much you will prove yourself to be a reliable and strong.  We would expect our members to pay for the first week before our arrival so as to secure your services in advance and show our commitment to this course. Hope to hear from you again.    Best Regards,    P.S My mother in law is 71 years old and suffers from dementia(stage 1). Robin. 
At this point I can not say I have been pleased. It falls under the category of too good to be true.  An email offering work from home for $27.50 per hour as a financial manager in logistics.  I have no experience or qualifications for this job.  At first only requesting  basic info by filling out a job application with references including most recent employer.  I just recently quit my job.  I filled out the application and replied.  Within hours I got a reply saying I have been approved for the position.  Now they are requesting Passport details and bank info along with legitimate looking things like a labour  and construction agreement.  They have a website that looks legitimate and the website says they were incorporated in 2012, and lists a phone number. I tried searching the word # on the government website but it did not show any matches.  I called the company phone number and it rang busy continuously.  I searched on the new website and got no matches for this company. On street view the company address given is just a house with a yard across from a park on Argyle St in Vancouver.
I was trained by Ross Wright.  Who offered a job description of a position as he was aware I was looking for a job probably due to LinkedIn. The job left right up my alley as a payment manager in down operations I gave my personal information including my address and driver's license and banking information because they said that I was approved and sent me a letter of offer remember they said they would call me today at 3 p.m. and didn't and said that they would call me again tomorrow at 9 a.m. which I'm sure they probably 'n't as well. I'm scared that they took my information to actually use it for identity theft. What do I do?
Basically, I received an email from  our, Mark inson, who apparently found my email address on kijiji.ca. I assumed probably he found it from the ad that I had posted there, but it was still confusing. Anyway, he was all like , $400/assignment.  and obviously I got interested. But my boyfriend sensed it was a trap, but we played along anyway. The only information he asked for was my home address, my name and my age. So I'm like businesses don't ask for age, they ask for date of birth. And the email was probably typed by a 10 year old because there was too many small mistakes. Again, the response followed was from a different email address. And it had asked me to confirm my information before they tell me about my first task. I work as a Western Union agent at my work place so I know all about Western Union trains. So when the first assignment arrived at my lab, there it was: a letter from the so-called  New Project Evaluation Team,  and a  large Team also  worth $2,950.00 USD. The letter mentioned that I was supposed to cash the check at a bank, then keep $400 for myself, spend $25 at home, and with the remaining balance, I was supposed to send $1200 each to 2 different people in Paris, who all have the same ZIP code, from 2 different western unions. And then I was supposed to send an evaluation to: evaluation-reportcenter@accountant.com. Like the letter has too many mistakes on it. The envelope that the letter came in had a postal stamp and the address and name was hand-written. Just thought I you d let you know so that someone like these people can stop hurting people.
The individual posts ads on online freelance websites, to be honest I don't remember how I found him as it's been awhile. It might have been Freelancer.com or Guru.com. The ad claims you just have to write some short reviews to make some money. When I was "hired" I was sent money via Paypal (all transactions were done through PP) in amounts of $20 dollars then sent a link to a freelance gig on Fiverr.com and Tictail.com, one of the gigs I was repeatedly asked to buy was this one: https://tictail.com/virtualassistant/i-will-be-your-private-detective-spy and this one https://tictail.com/virtualassistant/fiverr-sales-formula, and some others from stores that are "still" open now. They would send me enough money to purchase it, then I would leave a positive review, then they would send me $10 via Paypal. The names of the letters were random, never from the email of the person I was talking to. I did this for about a month or more, then suddenly all the payments that were send to me were being disputed by the bank. And I had no way of arguing really the dispute, so the it would close in their favor, they'd get their money back. Eventually the money got returned and now my Paypal account is in a negative balance and I can't even access it anymore. I've called "Sam", or whatever his name is as his typing leads me to believe English isn't his first language, repeatedly asking for the money back to at least return my PP account to good standing. And he says he'll pay me back but never does. I was free, and so were all the people sending the money to me. At least they got their money back.
I have been applying at jobs recently as I am moving, so when I received the email from this company, I thought it was one of the many that I had applied at. The job sounded good, almost too good to be true, then I had told them I would work part time, and then everything started getting weird. They said I would need to be available all day for a call, and then leave my office for the task they were going to give me. Immediately I was uncomfortable, and I asked them to specify. No response, I was very uncomfortable and still have not gotten a response. I told them via email I want nothing to do with the company and that I am reporting the business as a fraud. Still no response to make me believe otherwise.
I was contacted by this company and i was told that they found me through indeed. They offered me a job and i spoke to her and another woman on the phone at some point. Majority of our interaction is through email or a mobile app called Facebook. They offer $25 an hour. I cannot find anything about this company in me besides another individual asking the same questions i am regarding this "job opportunity" they havenot asked me for any personal information besides my direct deposit details. They have a website but i am still not sure what to think of this situation. They assigned me a project asking me to do a presentation about my city in a format. They also gave me a run down of things in and out expectations.. they said they are located in City, and they are soon opening a location in my city which is exactly what the other individual stated when i read their forum in person. The location of the other individual is unknown.
I was contacted because my resume was found through a job application site. They offered a high salary of 1340 () a week, promising I would be paid weekly and I could work remotely. I fold them and one lists an address in Rexdale. Score, right? As I went through the process they offered me a legal-sounding contract, promised a 10 day trial period in which they would judge my work, and then wanted to e-transfer money to my bank account so that I could then put it in a pocket wallet. A legitimate company is never going ask you to use your personal account for money transfers, and they could just as easily put the money in a private wallet themselves. The money transfer was the proof I needed that the company wasn't on the up-and-up but there were details here that made me suspicious: They sent detailed, well-written emails and had a nicely put together website that used a lot of words but wasn't clear about their services. None of the people listed as working at the company on their website were visible on social media which is strange and neither was the woman I was talking to. The date their company was founded when you look up their Corp. number (10522988) on can1business.com does not match with how long they say they have been in business on their website. On their website they listed articles that supposedly praised them as the top marketing firm in X year. I couldn't find those articles anywhere. Frankly, the benefits were too good to be true.
I have noticed other puzzled people on chat rooms that have had the same offer and are wondering if this is a trap.  IT CERTAINLY IS!! I applied for this job through Indeed.ca... which in my ignorance thought that all companies listed there were illegal.  that's on me feel a little foolish but I had to pursue this to it's end so others 'n't be shocked by this just to confirm you email address. 18 days ago I was applying for jobs in desperation I applied for this position on indeed.ca  it looks great until you pay back some of the layers. I called the number... "He" will answer on a very early cell phone reception. Soon after I had responded to "Kelly Baker" - obviously fake name  that I was going to report this to my local police chief. if I did not hear from her within 24 hours.   No response at all. Ryan is glad to offer you the position of  Administrative Assistant. After reviewing your resume our PR department came to a conclusion that you are qualified for it. Today is a growing and successful organization that helps to connect students and cultures from all over the world. We are confident that our company will provide you with exciting personal development opportunities and challenges. As our organization works with students and government's issued programs you must have a clean criminal record. This will be a permanent position. The starting salary is $25 per hour and is paid on a weekly basis. After 1 month trial period the salary will be $28 per hour. Our office is located in Halifax, Nova Scotia and we are opening a brand new office in your city next month,so we are looking for the employees. In the role of Administrative Assistant, you will be expected to carry out the duties and responsibilities described in the attached job description. This e-mail doesn't guarantee that you got the job. It states that you are qualified to apply, that we have read your resume and want to give you a chance to prove yourself during the trial period. If you choose to accept this job offer, please send me a confirmation e-mail at your earliest convenience. When your acknowledgment is received, we will send you employee forms to start hiring process. Please don't forget to provide me with your email address and your contact number in reply. If you have any questions or concerns, please don't hesitate to contact me at 888-601-2037 The company looks for a long-term association with its employees and expects the same from you. We hope you will accept our job offer and we look forward to welcoming you to the senior team. Regards, Kelly Baker / NGeducation HR Department www.ngeducation.ca Contact phone: 888-601-2037 job@ngeducation.ca
I responded to a part time job ad on it and when the person (Douglas Webb) responded to me he explained that the job was to post sponsored job ads on the website indeed.ca.  He explained that the pay would be $   /week or $   /bi-weekly or $$     /monthly and to let him know how I would like to be paid and that I had the option of money order or certified credit.  He then explained they would provide me with an email address to create under it, as I would need this address to register and create a log into the site indeed.ca.  He asked me to provide my name, email address, phone number for payment.  He said after creating this account with indeed.ca, he would send me a detailed directory needed for the posting, and that I would need to do these posts 2-3 times per week.  I asked if the pay had any exemption (tax), and if there would be a tax?  He replied that the tax was taken care of and that the money was all mine.  When I chose to be paid weekly by certified people, he then said they would be sending me a certified check in the amount of $    .  He said they were sending me extra money as I needed to use this money to purchase the gift cards and that this money also included weekly pay.  He asked me to purchase the gift cards from a place near me but to provide the address of the Wal Mart to him that I would be purchasing them from.  I tried to call the number provided under his name a few times, but got nowhere each time. I said I would prefer to speak to someone directly about all of this and wanted him to phone me.  I then asked further questions on email, like how much of this was to be spent on the cards, and how much was weekly pay, and mentioned that something seemed "off" about this being legitimate.  I said you are trusting me to send me $   ?  How do you know I will do what you ask? This was the latest email I got back from him (note the weekly wage changed to $   /week  and the posting site change to Kijiji and now he is asking me to purchase the new cards before I receive payment, saying I will be paid): Thanks for getting back to us with the Wal Mart address as requested. Be rest assured this is 100% clear and you have no cause for alarm. Also You can get the business cards purchased. You are just to purchase like $     worth of the card and it is only for this time. You will be receiving your weekly wages of $    steadily. We will let you know when to receive the payment and the instructions needed to process the credit card.While waiting for the payment to arrive, we would like you to post on it. There will be a compensation for this as well. Let us know if this is OK by you so that we can send you the directory needed. We will accept your reply and in respect to this. I replied and said I would not be using any of my own money to purchase anything and said this felt like a way to get me to purchase the gift cards (as as he explains this $     purchase was a one time purchase - of course it is!  Cause then I would realize it was a dream!).  I also pointed out to him that he changed the wage amount and posting site to it (from Indeed.ca).
Contacted over LinkedIn to become an agent for them to collect payments from their clients. a $5000 fee a month salary and 5% additional commission for each successful transaction was offered.  They wanted my resume, SIN, bank information and account number to setup my direct deposit payments.  Seems fake as their website was only in English and it was supposed to be a Japanese company.
While job searching I was called and called about a job for administration for a new office opening in Edmonton.  They called and had what they called a short interview.  About a week later they called and said I got the job and if I want it they will send some documents via email.  But then they said they will send a check to get office supplies so when that was sent I stopped contact but they still sent a check.  The company on the phone was Newton Group and they said they weren't apart of it and the bank was in credit union  and they said it was a fake.  I have not contacted them or told them I received the letter.
I was contacted sight-unseen with a 'job offer' by Alice Williams of Diamond Staffing Solutions Ltd. in Vancouver, BC looking for a full-time, and a part-time Human Resources Specialist to work in their new office opening in Edmonton, Alberta.  The e-mail said (among other things), "We have studied your resume and came to the conclusion that you will suit for this role."  If you were to read my resume, you would know that I am not qualified for this position as I don't have the needed education for anything more than a clinical assistant in this particular field.  I will convert the job description they sent me to you, and attach it.  The salary being offered for the full-time position is $5000.00 per month, but the 10 day paid probation term only pays $700.00 total (which is below the minimum wage here in Alberta).  In all of the e-games she uses linguistic errors common to non-native speakers.  My guess (having studied linguistics in school, and having a lot of exposure to immigrants having lived most of my life in Vancouver) is that she is from somewhere in SE Asia or from the Indian Sub-Continent.  The second e-mail followed the first very quickly (just over 2 hours later), and sounds more desperate for a quick reply.  The third asks me, "If you want me to erase yours address from our waiting list, please let me know."  The fourth e-mail says, "I am going to erase your name from the waiting list and remove your name from the list of job candidate."  I still have all four of the e-mail she sent me, and would be happy to forward them to you if desired. I suspect she must've posted a legitimate-looking job offer using a different (legitimate) company name on Linked In, which I applied to so that she could get my contact information.  I haven't used this contact information on indeed.ca, which I have used in the past, otherwise I'd wonder how she had come to have my new 'for job hunting only' e-mail address that I have only recently started using.  I had similar things happen in the past with indeed.ca.  The biggest difference is that Diamond Staffing Solutions has a website which features an address and telephone numbers, and it shows up on a web search.  The website almost looks legitimate, except for the poorly-executed logo. Sad to say, I have not replied to any of her e-mail, so I don't know what information or anything else she would have asked of me.  As it stands, she has my first and last name, job search e-mail address, and possibly my cell number. In any case, I'd appreciate your feedback, and any advice as to how to proceed.  I will definitely block her e-mail address in the near future unless you or legal authorities advise differently. PS:  The e-mail I will provide below is my personal e-mail, not my job search e-mail.
A Joanna Wilson from M  and  C International Corp responded to a transfer position I applied through indeed job board. She responded through indeed asking me to confirm my name, email address and phone number. I confirmed and received an email in email from a Joanna Wilson a day later stating that with the information I have provided, I would make a good candidate. She gave a brief job description that had a base hourly wage of $17/hour + additional money per transaction. The job description was to do inventory and transfer micro-currency into bank's, exchange real money for micro-currency, manage all the accounts and services. I and M  and  C International Corp and it's unrelated to the job description. It is an IT Company. I went back on indeed to the messages section to find the posting, clicked on it and it said the job cannot be found. Attached to the end of her email was "via message." Googles that and it seems like its way. Hope this helps!
-------------First Email--------- Procor Repair Services is built on a strong foundation of first-rate customer service and long-term client relationships. We've been provides businesses with freedom from IT work and stresses  and  allowing them to focus on their core needs and grow their business. My name is Ashlyn Harris am an IT manager. We got your resume from the website: INDEED.CA We are looking for responsible and reliable people to expand our personnel in Canada Currently we have an open position of Online Service Manager (Remote) Employment: Full Time/Part Time Working hours: 40 hours/week or 20 hours/week Salary: 1340 CAD or 670 CAD weekly 1.Excellent customer service skills ability to work well independently and as part of a team 3.Well developed organizational, time management and communication skills 4.Proficient user in MS Office including Outlook, Word, Mail, PowerPoint and Strong typing and data entry skills 5.Excellent communication skills 1.	Well developed problem solving skills If you are not interested, please let us know also, and we will not bother you again. --------Second email------------ Procor Repair Services is glad to welcome you. Since our founding in 2013, our mission has been to support the success of companies by offering IT solutions that are comprehensive, reliable, innovative, and of great value. Procor Repair Services service provides businesses with freedom from IT work and stresses  that  allowing them to focus on their core needs and grow their business. You can research more information about our company on website below:  procorepair.com We have 5 open names for the position "ONLINE SERVICE MANAGER". So we are looking for new employees who wish to work with us. We are specialized in providing IT resources, expertise and talent to our customers in a safe and cost effective manner. We need a person who will keep in touch with our customers and clients. With them you need to build mutual dialogue and to keep working together. This is home based online position(remote work). Head office located: Suite 459, 333 Bay St, Toronto, ON M5H 4G3 Publisher: Full Time/For Tim?: 1: FT: 1340$/w??? and P: 670$/w???(after taxes) 2.W?r?ing? FT:40 cents/w????r PT:20 h/w??? By going into your bank account weekly directly through direct deposit or e-Transfer service. 4.Working hours: 9 AM - 5 PM. Monday-Friday. Working hours for Part-Time : 20 hours per week at any time until 5 pm in your time zone. We will provide VoIP number for incoming and outgoing calls. Tri?li: 10 business days. During trial period, you get a salary.(Full Time - 1340 CA/week   Part Time - 670 CA/week) We request: To be responsible, to do the task in exact dates. You will get salary every Friday at 6 pm. Requirements: 1.Excellent customer service skills ability to work well independently and as part of a team 3.Well developed organizational, time management and communication skills Supporting user in MS Office including Outlook, Word, Voice, PowerPoint and Strong typing and data entry skills 5.Excellent communication skills 6. Well developed problem solving skills Duties: manage incoming phone call requests Search, scan and load all emails into our system database and mail correspondence to clients, clients, and service providers 4.Data base file creation and all open and closed office filing 6.Preparation of weekly and monthly, reports using email and Word Plus with other support functions as required Benefits: 1.a competitive salary, 2.annual vacation (about 3 weeks of paid vacation time in first year), 3.employer-matched pension plan, 4.comprehensive group benefits plan, 5.career development opportunities, 6.annual performance plans, 7.and an environment where employees are encouraged, supported and recognized. We'll provide for you our client database. I am your personal manager and all questions you can ask for me. I will be able to answer any questions that you have and will help you in all your beginnings. If you are interesting in this position, let me know. Hope to hear from you soon. Thank you! ----------Third email--------- I think that you can accomplish this position. I have attached to this letter an agreement for 10 days. You must: 1. Read carefully the Labor Agreement. 2. Put your name, address and available start date. 3. Put your signature at the bottom. 4. Print or make a quality photo copy of document You should comply with the terms of this agreement, in particular, start your working day without delay at 9 AM,If starting Part-Time position, start time is flexible (no later than 2 pm). Be in touch with your manager constantly, (It's me Ashlyn Harris), perform tasks quickly and efficiently. In case of failure of your duties, your trial period will end and we will terminate our agreement. Your duties during trial period: - Be in touch with your manager - Keep your mobile phone switched on - During the working day, you cannot engage in side issues which concern your work. - Strictly perform tasks (it will affect the decision about your permanent employment). - Make a report of each task done. I am responsible for you, and your success. You should check your email constantly throughout the day, and quickly respond to my messages Because I am  your manager, and I have a few people in this position, I communicate via e-mail only. I am your mentor, I am interested in your success as well as you when you go through the trial period. So, I  i ask you to connect your cell phone to an Internet connection to receive my messages, always and without delays. To proceed with your registration process, please find the attached file to this letter, Sign  your Labor Agreement and, after that send it back to me. Hope to hear from you soon. Thank you! Ashlyn Harris, Manager Procor Repair Services Suite 313, 900 - 1 King Street Toronto, ON M5E5 437-886-098 career@procorepair.com procorepair.com --------------------------- email Header information shows first email originating from Edmonton 174.3.252.22 S0106881fa12accf6.ed.shawcable.net, but second/third email shows Switzerland with guest host 31.44.189.106.ptr.layershift.ru Phone number on third email is incomplete. Addresses in email don't exist.
I was contacted by one of the Linkedin that the company Gradco Ltd. was looking  for a representative, I did applied and when I was accepted the job, the person name Erik Shen instructed me to collect payment from their customer and instructed that the payment should be made again under my name. My husband alerted me telling me that this is a trap, I sent the letter back to the customer as I refused to accept and deposit the check. I have informed Gradco that I am not comfortable accepting the payment under my name. However, the mail keep returning back to me, today I went to the post office and return back the package.
This is how the company came at me when I didn't apply for them or contact them. I offer you a position in the company... We need staff in your area to fill vacant positions in your location. After sending all necessary documents, I will arrange a telephone interview with an operator of the company. Every employee will have the paid probation, after interview. It will help you to learn job basis. After your probation you will be invited in our new company's representative office in your location. It will open soon. You could choose a type of employment full day in office or part-time. Ever since this first initial message I have on going back  and  forth conversations. I had a representative reach out to me whom I could not formally understand the language. Then I reached out to Chrstine stating I couldn't understand them, got no response only a email saying I needed the job! The interview was not like a normal interview. It was just a bunch of words with partially understood words. I was then told to do a task which I had done and then I received a message stating I completed the task and it goes on.
This is a copy of the email they sent me. I sent them an email asking more about their company, like how long it had been in business and some other questions. The lady said that if I filled out the form she would call me the next day. I filled out the form(it had nothing on it but address and place of business that I currently worked). Then she sent me an email stating I had the position and that all I needed to do was fill out the final forms to make the offer of employment. I have not filled out these forms as they are asking for banking information as well as my SIN number. The address on the website is not at all accurate. They stated that they would be opening up a new location in my area and that is not true. I tried calling the numbers given and there is no answer. Hello ------, Calypso National Travel wants you! Your call has been received in response to the recent advertisement on               TV We would like to offer you a vacancy of an Assistant which is very important for us concerning the future extension of our company. If this position is interesting for you then please fill out the Application form and send us filled out back. Please have a read through the Position description of the role you are interested in applying for, this will give you a better understanding of what is expected of you in that position. More information about us you may find on our company site. Thank you. Regards, Manager Gracie Wells at National Travel www.calypsonationaltravel.com
I received an email from "Tom Parker" that told me I would be perfect for a role at The HR Agency Inc. I was never told what the job involved but that I had been selected out of numerous rum sum and s. After some digging, the person told me it would be an HR Specialist, which I have NO experience in. They also claimed I would be making up to $2200 and work from home. I never once had an interview. I initially ignored the email multiple times, but this person would email me everyday, wondering if I was interested. She finally called me after I didn't reply, telling me she was removing my name from her candidate list. 2 days later however, I received another email from her, acting like nothing happened and still asking if I wanted the job.
The email came out of the blue. While I was looking at employment on Indeed.com the employer here I couldn't find the confirmation email that would have been sent to me stating i applied for such a job. This was a red flag right away. The emails sent to me were copy-based and exactly like a previous employment record that was reported. "Hello (BLOCKING OF MY NAME), Recruiting Now Inc. is a well-established company providing a wide-ranging and growing portfolio of services. We provide IT, accounting, tax and financial consulting services to personal, small and large businesses. My name is Judith Mallard. I am an office manager Recruiting Now Inc. We got your resume from the website: INDEED.CA We are looking for responsible and reliable people to expand our personnel in Canada. Currently we have an open position of the Online Service Manager. Employment: Full or Part Time Working hours: 40 hours/week or 20 hours/week Salary: 1340 CAD or 670 CAD weekly 1. Living in Canada. 2. Communication skills. 3. Ability to communicate effectively. 4. Organizational skills that will help to plan the day successfully. 5. Knowledge of the world and basic knowledge of Microsoft Office. If you are interested in this position and ready to become a successful manager with the opportunity for career growth together with Recruiting Now Inc., please reply this mail and we will begin your employment. If you are not interested, please let us know also, and we will not bother you again. Thank you! Judith Mallard Recruiting Now Inc. 120 5th Avenue E, Toronto, ON M4P. info@recruitingnow.info www.recruitingnow.ca ": +1-416-595-5777"
I have all the e-mail information plus a $4,250 check from the owner.  Brian Hill
I was reported on indeed.ca, and offered a job working from home for this company, allegedly founded in 2008. One of 5 positions were available, both full- (40s) and part-time (20 hours) with 3 weeks free vacation time. I said I was interested in the 10-day trial period, and in reply, the letter of offer stated  25 days of vacation, and the job duties changed to include the transactions to purchase domains. Nowhere was I personally identified as the recipient of this offer, and due to the high number of people in my trial period, I would only be able to communicate via e-mail (no phone #). Replies came at all hours of the day, and the interaction started slowly, which I found odd. Their website doesn't have a year beside their copyright (c) info, and their social media links take you to the respective home pages of the services, not anything affiliated with this company.
Dear Applicant,. We at Wanix Uk And pleased to confirm offer you the position of Online Data Entry for game server with reference to your application received by email this week, your starting salary will be $750/= per Week,. You will be paid weekly (daily) on the last working day of each week... First salary you can claim in advance after 2nd day of completed work submission
This lady named Caroline Dias uses Indeed.ca to find people, and offers people to work at a huge rate of pay, plus many promises such as increases, benefits and more. She claims in an anonymous email that EE Intercultural Affairs is opening an office "in your city" and is replacing it with staff ahead of time. The opportunity is work-from-home at first. Duties are to create PowerPoint presentations about the area to ostensibly be shown to foreign students. There is no face-to-face interview or meeting with anyone. I got the job in 2 days, and my references were not called. When I pressed for executive tier and revenue stream information, she didn't answer my Telegram texts and claimed their internet connection went down. After more digging, I found out from him that this is a day but unfortunately not before I worked 60 hours, on top of my regular job.  Stay clear of CAROLINE DIAS AND EE INTERCULTURAL AFFAIRS.
I applied for and Administrative Assistant position through indeed.ca and received an email.  The email provided the details of the position and asked if I was still interested in the job.  I replied yes, they sent me documents to complete to do a "security check".  They explained they are an international company for international exchange students and I would be helping to set the students up for graduation and provide general office duties.  The list of duties provided sounded normal.  They stated the office in London, Ontario was not open yet, it was scheduled to open in March 2018.  I would be expected to work remotely (from home) until the office opened.  I accepted the position and signed the documents.  I was instructed to sign onto an app called Pandora.  This would ensure I my hours were tracked.  I started to work on till, 9th 2018, I received my first project.  I was to create a PowerPoint presentation about London, Ontario.  The due date was Thurs Feb 14, 2018 at 5pm.  I competed the project on time and was told it was really good and they were happy with my work. The next day I received a new project.  I was to research options for university students coming to London, Ontario and staying for the summer months.  The due date was for Friday May 16, 2018 at 5pm.  On Friday I received a telephone message asking me to setup payment for accommodation for a group of students coming to Halifax NS and then to Ontario next week.  At this point I was suspicious.  So I asked a whole bunch of questions as to why they couldn't pay through the company account or credit card and why would they ask a new person to be handling money.  After I started to ask questions, the person stopped talking on Telegram.  So I finished my project and handed it in at random.  I was told we would be working on Family Day, so I signed into Telegram this morning and Doris Holinaty is not online.  So I called her number, it is disconnected, as is another number used to call me.
Skye Hawkins gets jobs in construction and contracts you out at a higher rate as a paid worker like an employment agency such as Labour Unlimited only he doesn't do this up front, nor did he provide a licence number as a registered employment agency.  He did not pay me as agreed, nor on time, nor completely.  Also, the business name contains the suffix "s" and yet BC Registry Service has NO information about them.  Their official employment ad reads:  We currently are seeking small car owners operators that can provide  Clean crime pass  Clean drivers abstract.  Insurance companies.  If you can provide these we have small package and mail service called  ready to be held march 03 onward  These can be applied to  Steam punks@yahoo.com  Partial requirement is to have our eyes on your head.  https://www.usedvictoria.com/classified-ad/steam-punks-systems-corp- 28984674
I was contacted via email by a Bob Faust, he stated they got my email from Indeed. They stated the following: "Good morning. Thank you we've got your resume on Job site Indeed.com. We will review your resume during the day. Please reply on this email if you are still looking for a job, I will give you more information regarding the company and available position." After my reply stating i was looking for employment they gave me some more info. " We conduct our operations and continue the development in the field of Human Resources.Recently, we have expanded our staff and we are planning to open new offices in 4 cities of Canada. We would like to offer you a position of Human Resource Specialist. We have studied your resume and came to the conclusion that you will suit for this role." The company seem famous as they provided a website with information. They then proceed to offer me a contract that seem real in where i is accepted and sign. (by the way they request a picture of a face with the signature of the contract). The next step was a phone "Interview" a lady name Kate called me, that was my first suspicion. Kate seem like she was reading a of a paper, i could barely understand her and she didn't really ask me anything but stated the job offering from the email and and said i was hired. She asked me to email Bob and send him a date and time to begin my "probation/Training" which would be a duration of 10 days. I later got an email From Bob Fauser stating the following: "Our operator told me that you had interviewed. I am pleased to inform you that you have passed the most difficult stage of our employment. Congratulations! I'm very happy for you. I have always believed and knew that you will be in our team! As the operator told me, you are a very intelligent and sensible person." I found it funny that the "operator" stated that as we were barely on the phone for 5 minutes and i did not really speak. I decided to continue as i did not want to be rude. and, then gave me my first task (which seem great) i had to create a Job Ad on indeed, all was good till then. I was actually happy and excited to be doing work like that and from home! Reality sank in when he gave me my second task. He stated that the company used Bitcoin and proceed to tell me the following: "I'll give you one more account of our company. And I'll teach you how to use it. Of course, you will need some Bitcoins. We will provide you with funds for this reason. I'll help you buy Bitcoins. We need to be able to transfer money to you so that you can buy it for work. Popular methods of bank transfers: 1. Transfer to a credit card by card number. 2. The e-transfer." Red Flag! I was not comfortable and did not think it was right to be using my bank account for work purposes especially on my first day of "training" I called Bod and stated i was not comfortable doing that and i did not want it to be a joke, he did not acknowledge that comment but simply stated that during my trail i had to use my bank account. I took a while to respond and twice he asked me if i was there and to keep in touch. I did some investigating and called the building where their office is supposed to be, according to their website and i was notified that they don't have an office there and they've had complaints about "The Halifax Staffing Inc" using their building address. I then proceeded to email you the Following: "Unfortunately i 'n't be able to continue with the training. I apologize but i am not comfortable with this type of employment. Please remove me from your Database." This was his reply: "Ok, thank you." I am glad i did not provide my banking information however, i am upset they have my personal information and a picture. Hope they don't use it.  Be AWARE! Don't provide any personal information until you confirm they are a new company. I hate people taking advantage of good people looking for employment. Attach you can see the Job description with incredible wages.
Helena is advertising she can make you rich and only have to work an hour a day, I requested info however she would not explain how or what I would be doing to make all this money, so she informed me to watch videos that her leaders made so I did however all they spoke about was how rich they are. So i asked her again in 8 more emails and she refused to tell me until. I pay 100 bucks I told her i needed to know more she wrote me back saying I will never be a business owner like her because fear was holding me back she said its only a 100 bucks just pay it and then your on the inside and we will tell you how it works!! I found her very rude, her web site andgon marketing is fill with quotes and a false image of being rich. Which is like people who is looking for work at home jobs. I want to help innocent good people from losing money to innocent people.
Hello             , Thank you for your answer. You have made the right choice, and will enjoy the vacancy that you choose. We're delighted to extend this offer of employment for the position that you choose with Etheus Technologies. Please review this summary of terms and conditions for your anticipated employment with us. I attached a document with Job Description: Cash Manager. If you choose to accept this job offer, please fill out and sign the application form and return it to me at your earliest convenience. You will find a different application form with this letter. In the next your letter, i will be waiting from you following necessary paper: application form, your updated resume (not older than 1 month), all kinds of certificates and any reference. You were our top candidate out of 20 of candidates, if you are really interested, i hope that you will send everything within 1-2 days. If our company will like everything, just like for you, I will be prepare a employment contract and send it to you. If you accept this offer, your start date will be immediately or another mutually agreed upon date and you would report to me. Please let me know if you have any questions or I can provide any additional information. Hopefully most of the questions will be left behind when you study the attached file. P.s. We don't conduct a preliminary interview, as the information in the interview is strictly confidential, and we have no right to discuss it until you become our employee. Only after signing the employment contract, you will be considered by our employee and you will be able to have access to confidential information. All questions related to: work, location, company, etc., you can ask me. Have a nice day. Jennifer Goodwin : (418) 476 0857 https://etheus-technologi.com/
This is exactly what they sent me Office manager/ReceptionistApplied 15 days ago Wayne Transportation - Hamilton, ON Subject: Office manager/potential candidate -               applied on Indeed From:              26 days ago From: MS Program To:               15 days ago The employer has attached a file Check your email to view attachment: Job description.pdf Hi     , welcome to MS Program. We are pleased to extend an offer of employment to you in the position of Administrative Assistant. We are excited about the potential that you bring to our company. This position is classified as full-time but part-time is also available. You will be expected to work 8 hours/day and 40 hours/week and you will report to the Head of our International Department. Your starting salary will be $ 28 per hour. Our office is located in Saint John, New Brunswick and we are opening an additional office in your city next month,so we would like to start hiring process as soon as possible. Please confirm your acceptance of this offer by sending me an e-mail confirmation. You will receive a response within next two business days. Qualifications: - Must be highly organized. Attention to detail, ability to recognize and follow through is a must. - Excellent typing/computer skills, including experience in Microsoft Windows and Office (particularly Word, Word and PowerPoint). - Communication skills and the ability to provide pleasant customer service. - Must also be able to provide direct, clear and professional communication with customers, co-workers, suppliers, and others. Duties and responsibilities: - Managing the day-to-day operations of the office - Receives and screens telephone calls, letters, and visitors, answering routine questions - Drafting internal and external correspondence as requested - Conducting general administrative duties including filing, typing, arranging for letters, and opening and distributing mail - Organizing and coordinating meetings and events, preparing plans and taking meeting minutes - Managing projects and conducting research - Maintaining project lists and developing department reports and presentations as needed - Coordinating sales and travel arrangements - Providing quality customer service - Working in a professional environment To verify your acceptance of this offer, please, send an email confirmation to career@mobspg.com  After receiving your email we can take the final steps in the hiring process.. Program is a dynamic organization that helps to connect students and cultures from all over the world. Please visit our website for more information. In case you have any questions about the position, you can call me at#-###-####. We look forward to your acceptance of our offer and to a mutually productive relationship. Regards HR Department Contact phone:#-###-#### Website: www.mobspg.com
Exact email received copy and posted below. Did a Google search and only found the website and no other information.  Did a search of the company name with search and review added and found three sites that stated This site is safe cause no one has reported them and stating the income produced by this site. Due to the poor grammar and spelling in the email not to mention how they ended it I thought right away it was most likely a. so I am posting it here. . Hello, dear Sir/Lady! My apologize, I am sorry please for that message, I represent a private company. At the moment we opened job position Office Manager. If you're looking for a good job, please send me back your CV (resume) I can send you detailed description of our company, and also about this job position. If you are not interested, just ignore this message. Have a nice day.              .  Address pulled from website OUR ADDRESS Australia: Level 13  and  14, 167 Victoria Street, Sydney, NSW 2000 United States: 100 Church Street, 8th Floor, Manhattan, New York, 10007 Canada: 343 Queen Street, 11th Floor, Ottawa, Ontario, K1S, United Kingdom: London, 18th  and  19th Floors, 67 Main Street, Leeds, LS1.
They offered me a job that was supposed to pay 870 a week after seeing my resume on indeed. I sent in an application but something didn't feel right so I looked into it. It was all a dream. You even had to use your personal banking information to interact with customers. Luckily, I didn't give them that information.
Employer hired my daughter, paid her cash daily, plus 1 gram of marijuana, left her with his dog on premises to watch, then abruptly fired her with accusation he was 'cleaned out' and believes her former friend was responsible. During her time working for him he was observed trading marijuana for food, people coming and being allowed in to the area where all money and marijuana are kept, rolling marijuana and smoking it. There are many back rooms she was not permitted in. This business is'small' with the feeling it is a 'front'for something else. There will also be a police report made regarding this.
they wanted to hire without an interview for an operation manager. Said i was their top candidate. as the first task they wanted me to but declined and said they would transfer money into my account. They wanted me to provide a credit card number so they could transfer the cash. they made the initial contact via email through Twitter and then ask you to download a personal app called Steam, where they continue to have a conversation with you.
It started with a job posting on Indeed by a company called Basinview Consulting for a Cashier position. Basinview Consulting then asked me to obtain my contact information for further instructions and mentioned that the position was for their client, Dahlgren Software Consulting. They also sent me the position details written on a word document stating that the job is to convert money into real currency by withdrawing money and putting it into a real currency ATM. At first I was in disbelief as the job paid $17/hour and home-based, but with new technology products coming out I didn't want to question it too soon. She sent me an application form, also on word document, that included me having to list only 2 references. She then handed my information to Dahlgren Software Consulting (Ashley Baumann), who sent me an email the next day to ask if they can make an anonymous phone call. Upon speaking with her, she welcomed me to the company and said that she will follow up with more emails regarding training and training period. I asked her what the training would take, she told me to just wait for the email. I asked her to tell me more about the company, she told me that everything I needed to know was on the website. There was no information regarding their age, other employees, etc when I joined the company. I also looked up the address from their website and when I clicked Street View, it showed a house. After the phone call, she sent me a form and email stating that the training agreement should be filled and signed before training will be held. In the form, it asks for E-transfer information as well as Credit Card information, which no job has any business in asking for. I was therefore  also hired out  without any interview, without a credit check or a criminal check, which is what you say d expect from a job where you are required to withdraw and deposit money that you s outside of company grounds. No money was taken from me, I declined the position right after.
Yet another supposed company that offers work from home opportunity.  They contact you via the e-mail below: INITIAL E-MAIL COMMUNICATION: TAUTON SERVICES Ltd. is built on a strong foundation of first-rate customer service and long-term client relationships. We've been providing the gold-standard in IT solutions, as individual as each of our clients. My name is Jessica Carter am an IT manager. We got your resume from the website: INDEED.CA We are looking for responsible and reliable people to expand our personnel in Canada Currently we have an open position of Online Service Manager (Remote) Employment: Full Time/Part Time Working hours: 40 hours/week or 20 hours/week Salary: 1340 CAD or 670 CAD weekly Located in Canada Outgoing personality with leadership qualities Ability to self-manage Organizational skills that will help to plan the day successfully. Strong ability to multi-task. 6.Microsoft Office skills, including Word, Web,PowerPoint and Outlook. If you are not interested, please let us know also, and we will not bother you again. Jessica Carter, Manager - SERVICES#-###-#### career@tauton.org tauton.org 2nd E-MAIL TAUTON SERVICES is glad to welcome you. You can take more information about company on website: tauton.org We have 5 open candidates for the position "ONLINE SERVICE MANAGER". So we are looking for new employees who wish to work with us. We are specialized in providing IT resources, expertise and talent to our customers in a safe and cost effective manner. We need a person who will keep in touch with our customers and clients. With them you need to build mutual dialogue and to keep working together. This is home based online position(remote work). Head office located: Level 8, 2 St Clair Ave E #800 Toronto, ON,T : Em?l?ym?nt: Full Time/For Tim?: 1: FT: 1340$/w??? and P: 670$/w???(after taxes) 2.W?r?ing? FT:40 cents/w????r PT:20 h/w??? By going into your bank account weekly directly through direct deposit or e-Transfer service. 4.Working hours: 9 AM - 5 PM. Monday-Friday. Working hours for Part-Time : 20 hours per week at any time until 5 pm in your time zone. We will provide VoIP number for incoming and outgoing calls. Tri?li: 10 business days. During trial period, you get a salary.(Full Time - 1340 CA/week   Part Time - 670 CA/week) We request: To be responsible, to do the task in exact dates. You will get salary every Friday at 6 pm. Requirements: 1.Excellent customer service skills ability to work well independently and as part of a team 3.Well developed organizational, time management and communication skills Supporting user in MS Office including Outlook, Word, Voice, PowerPoint and Strong typing and data entry skills 5.Excellent communication skills 6. Well developed problem solving skills Duties: manage incoming phone call requests Search, scan and load all emails into our system database and mail correspondence to clients, clients, and service providers 4.Data base file creation and all open and closed office filing reports of weekly and monthly, reports using Mail and Word Plus with other support functions as required We'll provide for you our client database. I am your personal manager and all questions you can ask for me. I will be able to answer any questions that you have and will help you in all your beginnings. If you are interesting in this position, let me know. Hope to hear from you soon. Thank you! 3rd E-MAIL I think that you can try this position. I have attached to this letter agreement for 10 days. You have to: 1. Read carefully Labor Agreement. 2. Print it. 3. Fill in your full name at the top. 4. Put your signature at the bottom. 5. Make photo/scan and send it to me. You should comply with the terms of this agreement, in particular, start your working day without delay (at 9 AM), be in touch with your manager constantly (It's me Jessica Carter), perform all tasks quickly and efficiently. In case of failure of your duties, your trial period will finish and we will terminate our agreement. Your duties during trial period: - be in touch with your manager (via email) constantly. I am interested in your success as well as you. I am responsible for you and your success. - Keep your mobile phone switched on - During the working day, you can not engage in side issues which disturb your work. - Strictly perform tasks (it will affect the decision about your permanent employment). - Make a report of each done task. You should check your email constantly throughout the day and quickly response my messages, because I'm your manager and I have a few people in this position and I communicate via e-mail only. I am your mentor, I am interested in your success as well as you when you go through the trial period. So i ask you to connect your cell phone with Internet connection to receive my messages always without delays. To proceed with your registration process, please find the attached file to this letter, print it and sign Labor Agreement, after that send me back. Hope to hear from you soon. Thank you! 4th E-MAIL Congratulations! You have accepted for a trial period on the Online Service Manager position. We have chosen you out of a certain number of candidates for this position, and we hope that you will not let us down. You are familiar with your responsibilities and ready to get to work. You should check your e-mail constantly and respond to my messages quickly. Just keep your cell phone available to get a call from us at all times. Many organizations are required to produce accounting documents about their activity. Using it allows you to offer the highest level of transparency since you can provide information your members can use to verify your services and transactions. Bitcoin is an emerging market of new customers who are searching for ways to spend their income. Accepting them is a good way to get new customers and give your business some new visibility. Accepting a new payment method has often shown to be a clever practice for online businesses. To start working with Bitcoin, you need to fill up your wallet. We will give you money via that system. To do this, we need to know: Your Holder name: Your Bank name: Your Email address associated with account: Your phone number: There is no fee to receive this, and many systems let you control how large a fee to pay when spending. Most banks have reasonable default fees, and higher fees can encourage faster confirmation of your transactions. Our company use it because it is profitable. Bitcoin is online currency comparable to shares. After receiving electronic transfer, you will have to fill up your own wallet. We will send you 2-3 transactions through that system. Have you ever used electronic transfer (IT)? Do you have online banking active? Do you have business bank account? Your duty will be to: - Contact the customer  - Take his order  - Analyze order  - Report the order value to the customer. Services and goods which you will buy for customers: Services: - Web Design  - - Database  - Set up VoIP number  - Database Services  - Stock exchange services  - Hosting. - Virtual private servers You must ensure all necessary tasks for the client. You should find an individual approach to each customer. You should offer new services and products to him. In other words, your position requires you to do everything possible, to make client happy. For the future, he will work with us and recommend our company to others. You need to understand your customer, how to do it: Providing a high level of customer care often requires you to find out what your customers want. Once you have identified your most valuable customers or best potential customers, you can target your highest levels of customer care towards them. You should collect information about your customer. Information about your customer and what he wants is available from many sources, including: - His order history - Records of their contacts with our business - phone calls, meetings and so on - Direct feedback - if you ask them, customers will usually tell you what they want - Changes in the overall success of specific products or services - Feedback about your existing range - what it does and does not do - Reports about possible new products or services - Feedback from your customers about things they buy from other businesses - Feedback and orders from other, non-competitive suppliers. It may sound hard, and sometimes it is not clear to you. Do not worry, I'll be in charge of you throughout the 10 days. I will give detailed instructions step by step. So after the trial 10 days, you will learn this profession, if you will work hard.!You should answer all the questions that I have written in this letter (highlighted in green). After that, I will send your personal security wallet to you. If you have any questions, don't hesitate to ask me. I will answer.
I was contacted by an consulting with a employment opportunity that sounds to good to be true. I require to make money deposits into my own account and send the money back to the company in quick time limit.
I applied via Indeed Website on a summer job (work remotely) for the company Basinview Consulting. They responded back through email and suggested that I will be contacted by a different person from the company Dahlgren Software Consulting. I find them suspicious when the job posting was removed from all the job sites right away  and  the lady who responded to me doesn't have a contact/phone number. The job requires receiving money online, withdrawing cash from specific banks and buying certain currency. One of the 3 files they attached on their e-mail was company  and  job description and includes a link marked as www.dahlgrensoftware.com (funny thing is when you click it - it connects to http://www.dilsnertechnology.com/ which site cannot be reached but for dilsnertechnology shows to be a site used for lots of internet sites).
 This is the email they sent! I had never applied for such a job. Upon searching them up i found nothing and their website does not work!!!!    welcome to MS Program. We are pleased to extend an offer of employment to you in the position of Administrative Assistant. We are excited about the potential that you bring to our company. This position is classified as full-time but part-time is also available. You will be expected to work 8 hours/day and 40 hours/week and you will report to the Head of our International Department. Your starting salary will be $ 28 per hour. Our office is located in Saint John, New Brunswick and we are opening an additional office in your city next month,so we would like to start hiring process as soon as possible. Please confirm your acceptance of this offer by sending me an e-mail confirmation. You will receive a response within next two business days. Qualifications: - Must be highly organized. Attention to detail, ability to recognize and follow through is a must. - Excellent typing/computer skills, including experience in Microsoft Windows and Office (particularly Word, Word and PowerPoint). - Communication skills and the ability to provide pleasant customer service. - Must also be able to provide direct, clear and professional communication with customers, co-workers, suppliers, and others. Duties and responsibilities: - Managing the day-to-day operations of the office - Receives and screens telephone calls, letters, and visitors, answering routine questions - Drafting internal and external correspondence as requested - Conducting general administrative duties including filing, typing, arranging for letters, and opening and distributing mail - Organizing and coordinating meetings and events, preparing plans and taking meeting minutes - Managing projects and conducting research - Maintaining project lists and developing department reports and presentations as needed - Coordinating sales and travel arrangements - Providing quality customer service - Working in a professional environment To  signal  your  acceptance  of  this  offer,  please, send an mail confirmation to hiring@mobspg.com  After receiving your email we can take the final steps in the hiring process.. Program is a dynamic organization that helps to connect students and cultures from all over the world. Please visit our website for more information. In case you have any questions about the position, you can call me at (877) 837-6206. We look forward to your acceptance of our offer and to a mutually productive relationship. Regards HR Department Contact phone: (877) 837-6206 Website: www.mobspg.com 
This lady named Caroline Dias uses Indeed.ca to find people, and offers people to work at a huge rate of pay, plus many promises such as increases, benefits and more. She claims in an anonymous email that EEIntercultural Affairs is opening an office "in your city" and is replacing it with staff ahead of time. The opportunity is work-from-home at first. Duties are to create PowerPoint presentations about the area to ostensibly  be shown to foreign students. There is no face-to-face interview or meeting with anyone. I got the job in 3 days, and my references were not called. I investigated her phone number which GPS'd to Vancouver, not Winnipeg. When I pressed for executive tier and revenue  stream information, she didn't answer my Telegram texts and claimed their internet connection went down. After more digging, I found out from her that this is a year before she tried to make money through me. Her trick is to e-transfer $3000 to your email address that you are asked to take to a local contact of her choosing, less $100 for your expenses. Then she calls  your bank and tells them you tried to call her, which will cause your bank to place a hold on your account. I found out about her before she  got that far, and all I lost was a week's pay from my former situation. You should always be wary if there is no interview, and requests for banking information. Stay clear of CAROLINE DIAS AND EE INTERCULTURAL AFFAIRS.
I applied on job ad on indeed as customer service manager. Some one called me from New York called Arlie (business development manager) but I couldn't pick up the phone. So he sent me an email (came to my junk ) that I am accepted and I have to sign the job offer and a form which was asking for email to send money by e transfer. I did that and send them back to him. The day after, I received an email from my supposed manager (James Evans) that I have to be the person who will contact customers and contractors to deposit money from them and pay money to others using my bank account. I didn't feel comfortable with that and send them that NO and I declined the job. Here's the email content: There is the payment processing algorithm: 1. A client transfers money via Internet e-Transfer. We choose this method as of the highest security. All payments bear your fee of 5%. You will get your commission rewards for each transaction. For matching funds, you will get a secret question and its answer. In order to deposit a processed transaction, you are entitled to apply online banking systems using them from any device (laptop / tablet / phone). 2. Having finished reading, you will be enabled to withdraw your funds through your bank office. We recommend you to avoid withdrawing money through banks as they usually have withdrawal limits ($500), which may slow down the transaction processing. 3. Here, let me tell you how to process payments to our contractors quickly and accurately. When accomplished the Step 2, please find the nearest Bitcoin ATM to process the transaction to our contractors' email account. Why Bitcoin? We use it due to several significant reasons: 1. it is highly safe and secure. Among all online banking systems, this account shows the greatest security level. 2. This operation processing is truly fast. Making bank transfers, you generally have to have transactions pending for a few days - especially when you submit a check payment from another bank into yours, and the bank holds funds for verification. International transactions are also a time problem. This way, Bitcoin is much more efficient. 3. Your fees are extremely low, and sometimes you may get no commission at all. a) The closest Bitcoin ATM is here: 216 Saddletowne in NEW, ABV, Canada (Bitcoin ATM is located at Macy's Convenience Store in Calgary.) b) Please be guided by this video for processing Bitcoin ATM operations: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U9-xP2CBWj0 c) Open the C-code attached to this message as an image. This is the unique ID for your payment. Please save it to the media library of your cell phone in advance. 4. The transaction shall be processed within no longer than 3 hours. This rate is highly volatile related to CAD, USB and others. Therefore, the transaction shall be accomplished within the abovementioned time period.
"   Fraud Company Blueline Soft or theT both are one company,  donot be a victim like me, i wasted my time with this poor,unprofessional staff,they will block numbers and "not respond emails" they cheated me, i paid them 600$ of no use, they donot have offices in US, they work from India.. cheap labor. they use fake numbers and fakes.
I had the same experience as this report sent in May 24, 2018  but June 29 2018 asked me about a position at Tauton Services. Name was Jessica Carter. She gave me a description of the job (IT Services Manager) which sounded good from the beginning. I asked about the pay and gave me an "incredible" number that seemed too good to be true.  I did a search in London and the company name never came up. I sent an email back saying that I am aware of the case and am reporting it.
 Contact through Indeed, offering jobs. I'm not sure where to share this info, so I placed here where other people can receive searched data. No more search data on company.... First contact: Spectrum Protect https://www.spectrprotect.com/ career@spectrprotect.com Google at least knows the website of the second. Second contact: Present Business presentbusiness.org career@presentbusiness.org Both web sites have the same info. I believe this is a scheme targeted at people looking for employment that will lead to a traditional cash transfer with money and personal bank accounts. When going back through Indeed the sites fall back to https://www.kepro.com/.  I suspect that this company is real but did not research further as now this has become a waste of my time. 
I was contacted by this business informing me that my resume fit the needs of their position opening, and that they were offering me a job. After doing research, two of the names of the management team -- Robert Morin and Michael Fincham -- appeared in another BBB search for Bennecon Ltd. as being an employment firm. It appears that they have used the same names to run multiple games.
This man contacted me offering a job and attached a job agreement and form to fill out, trying to get my personal information and signature. They provided a fake website, with fake contact information and a fake work address. If you call the building of the location provided, they will tell you there is no suite 128 and that it is a suite (many people have called them asking the same thing)
Told me about a position at Tauton Services.  Name was Jessica  Carter.  She gave me a description of the job (IT Services Manager) which sounded good from the beginning.  I asked about the pay and gave me an "incredible" number that seemed too good to be true.  I asked twice about benefits.  Never replied back in response to benefits but sent me forms to fill out and pushed me to sign quickly and accept the agreement.  I did a search and the company name never came up.  I called the building she was their head office and the owner told me he had never heard of  her or the company.  I sent an email back saying that I am aware of the case and am reporting it.  Haven't heard back since.
Currently out of work I spend a lot of time on Indeed. I received the org. Email from a Sarah Thompson stating they received my resume and asked that I fill in their employee application which was very basic, from there I then received an email again from Sarah Thompson asking if I can do a phone interview when I wasn't available at the time they asked I then received an  email offer also  from the manager Andy Smith within this offer I is m asked to provide various information from my bank account info to sending over copies of my identity as well as taking funds for the company during a 5 day trail period into my account I haven u t replied to this email as of yet.
attached there is an email I received from them, after this i got a call from someone and I couldn't understand what she said and she hang up, I tried to call back but just send me straight to him. minutes later they send me another email saying that they want me on the process and that I should fill up a contract agreement and send a copy of my driver licence which I was stupid enough to fill up.now I just hope they don't steel my identity to get credit cards. Sarah Thompson - Dahlgren Software Consulting Inc. Mon 1/22/2018, 12:56 PM You ? Dear             , Thank you for your filling in an "Application Form". We were impressed by your background and would like to invite you to our phone call to tell you a little more about the position and get to know you better. Alicia Gross, a personal assistant of Mr.Andy Smith, will call you today, July 22, between 3 and noon. your local time. Will you be available for a short introductory phone call at this time? Looking forward to hearing from you, Yours Sincerely, Sarah Thompson, Manager
-- The Management of ENSIVAL MORET, is greatly in need of an individual who can handle its  account decisions from its customers/clients in Canada or in the United States... Forward your resume to the Human Resource Manager, Mr.  Armand Sohet with the contact information below: E-mail: from ensivalmoret@gmx.com Tele: +32 (78) 487-550 Bois la Dame 1, 4890 Thimister-Clermont, Belgium www.ensival-moret.com
I was contacted randomly by an individual claiming to have found my resume from a certain job website which seemed legitimate. I was offered the position without any interviews (not even any questions via email). In doing some more research into the company's address, it turned out to be a residential address in Google Maps (check street view). There is also no phone number that I can find on their website.
I had gotten an email for an employment opportunity however I was asked to complete direct deposit information before even getting an interview which to me seemed a little too weird.
I received the job offer from me which I think looks fake.
the White family is only a small part of a huge pyramid scheme.  I can't believe I was stupid enough to fall for this, except it makes perfect sense and you can actually make money from it...if you're willing to trap other people into putting their money into the system..the people above the family are called the family and the people above that, well, now you're getting into the big smoothies..  or network..etc.. so what happens is, you put in some money, and obviously, the more you put in, the more'money making secrets' they 'unlock' for you so i went whole lot, put in $5000 up front..you have to spend money to make money right??  and they give you the choice, which is that you have to get the maximum number of people to even look at your face to get the minimum number to even sign up...it's really hard to get people to look at your stuff, you have to have a hook...but you can buy these packages where these other, similar companies, get tons of eyes on your stuff, but it's expensive and it doesn't always work... example, you might spend $300 for 300 'guaranteed' eyes on your site and MAYBE one of those people sign up... then, you can also buy'super great tips' from someone else in the business but they're selling their 'tips' to everyone so we're all doing the same thing and no one is winning, except for the guys at the top..  and they'll tell you that technically they're not a pyramid scheme because they technically have a product for sale(some ridiculous e-books on marketing) but the product is just more vague stuff about nothing and just them saying a lot of words to pump you up about making sales but not really telling you how to do anything. They send you emails constantly, showing them living their luxurious lifestyle but the truth is, they move to countries like Russia because it's cheaper to live down there and there's probably some legal/illegal reasons too but i don't know those.  If you make 1 sale, you get excited and think that's the beginning of something big so you hang in there and spend more and more money, but if you're not a thief, you 'n't succeed.  i spent $20000 trying to start an above board online business so i could spend more time with my family, my aging parents...etc.  Instead of succeeding, i now have a second and third job to pay off my debt, because it wasn't above board, it's cheap and people can smell that from a mile away and don't want to sign up.   My mom died while I was working to pay off all this extra debt and I spent less time with her instead of more.  These people are farmers.  And they tell you straight out in their videos(the guys at the top), that they've been shut down before and they just keep starting up again because 'THE MAN CAN'T KEEP US DOWN!'  Am i angry and bitter that it didn't work for me?  of course i am.  would i still be doing it if it had worked?  i don't know, maybe.  i 'n't lie, if it had worked i wouldn't be listening to the people who told me this was a game from the beginning.. but it didn't work and i was finally honest with myself.  check out http://homebusiness2-0.com/rhondan and a an unstoppable family review of me properties.php  it's an article another con artist wrote but it includes big names in the whole internet gaming business
I applied for this job that was listed on Indeed and they got back to me right away. They informed me that I was a great candidate for the position and they were confident that I was perfect for the job. They asked me to complete an application form which I did and I sent it back to the City Manager. The application form consisted of my references, past employment and contact information. Once the City Manager received my application she informed me that "Jennifer" would be calling me to talk more about my application the following morning. The day had gone by and no one called me. I called the Hotel Manager back and my email bounced back and said this email address no longer existed. I went to the website and the website was gone. I've always been so cautious about jobs and assumed I would be okay using a website that Ive used so many times in the past to apply for jobs.
I applied to an add on Indeed.ca and was contacted by the IT department at Dilsner Technology Solutions saying that I would receive a phone call explaining the job a little more from the Assistant to the manager that I would be dealing with. I received the call and following that received an Email from the Manager asking me to file out a form and Email it back to him. I did so  and this morning received an email asking if I was ready to start my training. I then went to reply to the email and was unable to reply. I received a phone call asking if I was ready as well and I said that I was. I tried responding to the IT department email, saying that I was getting Mail delivery failures back and was unable to do that as well. I then tried calling the number of the assistant and all I got was a busy tone. I have now tried to call 6 times this morning with no way to get through. When I call the number on the website it is an automated message that says contact your individual service provider and then a local service. I have called both the Alberta Bar and the Saskatoon Bar and the first was created 30 days ago. They were not able to load the website and the file that they have on this company was created 2 days ago for another person dealing with employment.
They contacted me to offer job and took all my ID date of birth, bank info, address, copy of passport, home address
Max Dietrich first contacted me through my email possibly because my email address is on indeed.ca. my email account directed  his email to the junk drawer but I still responded to his email and asked him what establishment he was calling me from. He replied to my email with something that  about public transportation and Logistics. he said that based on my credentials I was qualified for the position of a financial manager at first and then that change to payment manager not long after. he called me back saying I should fill out some job application forms and then I filled them out as well as my bank account information for them to direct deposit my checks. he contacted me and told me that my bank account information was for the customers of the company to deposit up to $1,000 per transaction into my account from which I would then transfer that up to $1,000 to their transportation and Logistics. I then asked him why would a company use a customer new employees is bank account to accept payments from its customers if this company was so popular he's replied by saying that they would provide me with a corporate bank account after two weeks of the trial period. I asked him why would a company do that and what is my manager's name and contact number so that I can contact him to ask questions since he was unable to answer my questions he was saying that I should email my manager and then I said I don't want to email my manager I want to talk to him on the phone and then he said okay one second and then he hung up.
Unsure if this is a deal or not, however was offered employment with this company, but had to fill out a Work Agreement and send it back to them with a copy of my passport or drivers' license before I could start work.  I asked for a physical address to bring the required information to, but was told that I had to send electronically.  I insisted that I was not comfortable doing so, and again requested a physical address.  Was told that they could not change the rules for me and when I advised that I was reporting this as a fraud, I was threatened with being sued by the company.  Attached is a screen shot of being told that they required my identification be sent electronically.
I was approached by Jason Renwick offering me an employment opportunity as a hotel manager.  I went through the process believing that it may be a genuine offer and was offered the position.  I was sent an employment contract that I did not sign as there are some very suspicious rules and requirements.  The pay seems far to much and they want me to create my own email account.  They class Canada as a state and the rules of employment does not reflect the employment laws of Ontario.  I asked for a personal meeting to discuss the contract but have had no reply since that was requested therefore I believe this is a way to eventually gain access to personal information.
Stupid me fell for this man. The lady said I would be paid a lot of money per hour to work from home (until the office opened in "my city" next month. I worked a couple of days and the day after this the lady I had been communicating with said she had a "special assignment" for me. She said I had to make a payment to the hotel that students would be staying at when they came to visit Calgary. She said their "company vendor" would be sending me $3000 via e-transfer and I would have to go and pay the other $2900 because I could keep $100 for "gas and lunch".  When I refused to go to the coffee shop address she gave me, I asked for an email address to send the funds back to. She gave me caroline.d@eiaffairs.com I told her that I was keeping what was owed to me for the hours I had worked and would send back $2450. She didn't like that but I did it anyway. Then I had a hold on my account because someone had claimed that I had recently transferred money which is completely backwards. Luckily my bank knew I was being honest and released the hold. Please don't be as silly and naive as I was, if you get an email from this company saying they are a student exchange program and you got an amazing (sounding) job DO NOT RESPOND! they are evil criminals.
I was initially contacted by a woman who called herself Caroline Dias, the email stated that the " was. Reviewed my resume and wanted to offer me a position as Administrative Assistant. She said the office was in Winnipeg but they were opening an office "in your city" next month. They said I would be paid $27/hour and after 4 week probation it would be $32/hour. Looked kind of like but I had my doubts since they did not want to interview me. That night, my father and I attempted to find this "company" online but couldn't find anything. The next day they called again but now there was a website listed as well. I quickly accepted the position and she wanted me to work from home making power point presentations to describe Calgary. They were apparently a student exchange company and I was to create presentations to talk about the dangers of living in Calgary. Then I asked if I could get paid for the days I had worked because it was hard and I was broke. She said no the first time because the accountant was off that day. The following Monday I asked again about being paid, she responded by giving me a "special assignment" which was to receive an e-transfer for $3000 to pay for the hotel where students would be staying when they arrived to campus the following week. I accepted but had a bad feeling so I kept what was owed to me for pay and sent her back the rest of the funds. I told her that I wasn't comfortable and suspected criminal activity. She simply said  ok thank you" and I blocked her and deleted the personal App that she asked me to download to communicate with her from. Thank goodness I didnot lose any money but I didn't want to be involved in a money making scheme which I'm sure it was. I was just the middle man so they didn't get their hands dirty. Because of this company everyone. How mean of people to do to honest people looking for work.??
I was offered a job for a company that I don't recall applying for. I also had no prior phone interview nor physical one because they claimed to be one province over from where I am. They also said that they were opening a headquarters in "My city" avoiding to state my actual city of residence  in the next month or so. When I called them asking questions, the woman that answered was very vague with her answers. Even when I called her right after she sent me that email, she didn't seem to recall who I was  she didn't recognize my name. She sent an attachment of the job offer and asked for a confirmation either accepting or declining the offer, but also to provide my email and phone number. Which is strange because I thought she would have my resume if she's giving me a job offer. A day later, I get another email and this time it has two parts: employment registration and employment agreement  which seemed legitimate enough. Unfortunately for them, that wasn't enough for me. I wanted to research the company, follow any clues they gave me that verified that their company existed. All I had was their website, it also looks great but the: reviews, contacts, terms  and  conditions and Privacy Policies didn't make sense. They stated they're affiliated with the Government of Canada and Educational System, why is there no evidence of anything showing? When I called the "company", the same number is the on the website and the email she gave me, she stated, "that the company website is being updated and that everything about them should show up in a few days." Can you believe that? SHE TOLD ME TO CHECK UP ON THEM IN A FEW DAYS, then you'll find them everywhere on any search engine. Anyway, I asked her to provide the documents she has on my myself since she's giving me the job offer and I haven't heard back, I donot expect to hear back but I plan to report this anyway.
                  Day 4 at 7:44 AM Message body Waleyikum Salam                          , Dear           , I hope this massage reaches you in great spirit of' ah. Following our conversation through LinkedIn, and your request for more details and proceedings, note that our management Bahrain National Gas Company is seriously searching for a viable Individual or company who can handle a Supply Contract of chemical from a good manufacturers to our project site location in Bahrain, south of Awali precisely. GloDrill is used as an excellent pollution/flow inhibitor  and  recommended for Installation of a pipeline system to return residue gas for production. Also, act as working fluids-as protection as it gives better protective coating films. Project goal: The project is to construct feed gas and product gas transfer lines and product gas storage tanks to be used for the gas processing plant, which will accommodate 350 million cubic feet of associated gas from the Bahrain Oil Field and produce liquid petroleum gas and water, utilizing re-injection pressure and excess gas. Our management BANAGAS will seek a services of a reliable Agent/ Organization to be contracted as our Int'l Agent to enhance our supply chain/ Logistics. Thus, An estimated 25,000 items is to be supplied on monthly bases, or upon request from BANAGAS or its subsidiaries to project location and each liter of the product supplied attracts a profit commission of $5. Agent Roles: Agent must ensure goods are inspected right from center, and delivered to our project site location. Product (MUST) in all times be produced to International Quality Standard and must be confirmed 95% original by ISO. Note  this contract doesn't necessarily demand qualifications in Oil and Gas sector, rather your ability and hard working ability towards contributing to the success of this project. Our management interest to import this chemical from (MIDDLE-EAST/USA) based manufacturers discovered to be more natural than European, American etc products. This contract aimed towards creating business opportunity MOSTLY for people from different nationality to benefit from Indian Oil  and  Gas, according to Economic Vision 2030 agenda. So, i see your profile fit for recommendation. Let me your website to be linked directly with BANAGAS Awarding Contract Department for detailed information also for effective communication. Get back to me immediately if you are sure you can handle such a huge responsibility as our international agent for direct recommendation and proceedings. I look forward to your response for further proceedings. Wassalaam, ha! Prof.              Abdul Majid Executive Board Member Bahrain National Gas Company, (B.S.C)
Real like, trying to send me an employment email. It looks real and they send application forum etc. Email I received: Hello, Thank you for finding interest to learn more about the Position as our US/Canada counterparts as describe on the email earlier received. ABOUT US: Jin Hung Financial Co., Ltd. was established in 2007, Directly Under the Key Fit Group Limited, whose parent Company is Artel Solutions Group Holdings Ltd. (stock code: 931). The company's principal Business is private financing, building  and  mortgage loans, home loans, small business loans, etc., and is an authorized financial company regulated by the Money Lenders Ordinance (Chapter 163 of the Laws of Hong Kong) Sun hung Financial actively expands its various types of loan businesses, advancing with the times, keeping ahead of the changes in the market and the needs of different industries in various loan levels, thus providing convenience to customers. As we expand our progress and business coupled with the high demand of our Services in your region, we look forward to establishing representative offices and sales centers in North America. Until the centers are established, we need a reliable company (representative of the business type) that will stand as an intermediate between our customers in your country and Jin Hung Financial Co.,Ltd. Hence, we wish to contract your enterprise as our  own Intermediary Agent  or "Regional Representative Agent" in United States and Canada. JOB DESCRIPTION: Such persons/companies should be able to: (1) Collect and report due accounts within your region. (2) Work together with Managing Director to successfully reach goals. (3) Maintain proper records of transactions. (4) innovative ideas to drive the company forward. (5) Help to create new channels for easy distribution of our ever growing market with same region. COMMISSION: Managing Partners/Regional Sales Agent are each entitled to 5% commission of each completed transaction plus a monthly allowance of $4,900 dollars. Other benefits include annual compensation of Phone and Internet Bills. Business and communications shall be mostly conducted on-line and on phone and hence will not affect your current job. To accept this offer, kindly fill our Employee Information form attached to this mail and sign accordingly. Upon request of this form, we shall send you a copy of the Message of Understanding. We look forward to working with you. Cheney, Henry Cheng, Director of Human Resources in Hung Finances Website:jinhungfinanceltd.hk
 offered a position that seems too good to be true. looking to find out if this is a trap. 
Applied for a Administrative Assistant job on indeed.com and 6 days later i was contacted via indeed that the job I applied for wanted to hire me, at $26/hour and that i needed to verify my reply with an email, as they were opening up a location in my Province next month, and they were starting the hiring process already. I called the company, nothing came up, I called the phone number and people were saying it was a name, I called the phone number in the email but all i got was the answering machine, and it didn't have a business name. I also tried to go on the website and it was down.
I have received emails the last three mornings from Hartley Hunt Recruitment Agency, just out of Vancouver. They say they found my resume online (may be true as I have put it on a couple of the job websites such as Glass door and Indeed) and that they want to high me right away, sight unseen, for a part time (25 hours a week) position at $1100/week. Working from home. Or $5000 a month for working in the office. I've got the name, it doesn't come up. I've searched the Better Business Bureau of BC, not finding it. I found a list of companies who renewed their business licenses in Vancouver on line, it's not there. and has nothing on it except that the number is provided by Fibernet. I was able to take the email address and using the last part find a very professional looking website hheagency.ca online that gave me a business address. 400, 602 W Main St in Vancouver. So I ignored that. That address takes me to Reliance Properties and it says the suite is available in May. I then called the property manager asking if Hartley Hunt was a tenant in that suite. Received an email back about an hour or so later saying that the suite was currently under construction and that no one under that name had been a tenant. I have been sent a contract, that I haven't filled out, haven't sent any information. The contract itself has some very odd words in it. I've asked to meet with a representative face to face, been told that happens after the 10 day prison/probation period. Asked where the office is in Calgary, no answer to that. There is just no presence for this company and I feel that someone that hasn't been engaged in their research may be taken advantage of by this company.
I received an e-mail about scheduling an interview with the hiring manager for Northbay Construction. I replied to the e-mail with my contact info and availability. A few days later I got a phone interview and then was offered the job. After accepting the position, I was told to send my address to be paid a check in order to buy supplies for the opening of their new office. This made me suspicious and I did my research and found out that there are many jobs going out there such as this one.
Not sure if this is a dream. I just want to find out if this is a trap. I received email saying: "We would like to offer you a position of Human Resource Specialist. We have studied your resume and came to the conclusion that you will suit for this role." I just want to make sure this is a new company and not some firm to which I am asked to send my personal information. Their address that shows in Vancouver is: "400-602 Main St W, VANCOUVER, British Columbia, CA2 " which when I look shows address of "Canada Export Centre Corp".                                                         
Employment data using LinkedIn Email received by myself: :      . 28 (5 days ago) Hope you are having a great day. My name is           , a Consultant for Altechno Metal Co. Ltd. I received your contact on Linkedin. Black Metal is in need of a Financial representative agent in Canada/USA.This position is only available on part-time basis, its an offer to earn extra income while doing your normal job. If interested, contact Mr.             Jones (hr@altechnometal.com) for more details on job description. Mr.          , Recruitment Consultant.
I was called by someone named Phyllis Washington, who works for Hartley Hunt Recruitment Agency. They offered my an online position as a Human Resource Specialist. I've never applied to this recruitment agency. I don't know where they obtained my resume from. I have applied with recruitment agencies before and this seemed very out of the ordinary. After being skeptical, and getting a second opinion about the emails they sent, I decided it would be best if I didn't provide them with any information. They called me back, in near desperation, reminding me about the job offer. This seemed to satisfy my reservations about this company. If I don't email back wanting the job position.. than why would they desperately email me again, reminding me of the position? I feel as though this company is a fraud and the next "requirement" would be my Bank Information and SIN number.
Honestly I don't know if they are a game. They offered me a job I don't know if I applied for without ever informing me and I cannot find a single trace of them on the internet.                                                         As a university graduate stuck in a minimum wage dead end job I was really hoping it was real as the offer seems very very tempting however I cannot determine on my own their legitimacy. I have not lost any money yet, they have not attempted to take any money just have asked for some personal information in a job offer.  Nothing that would seem too drastic from what I can tell but info they would have had if they really had gotten my resume like they claimed.
My son received this and we are trying to find out if this is a joke, they don't have anyone on the phones, only a secretary but no one calls you back. I copied and read the email he got, see attachment
Contacted me about a role as quality control agent for my region. The position was that of a mystery hunter. Looks very well. it's a shame, their numbers are used by a lot of other fake businesses.
They meet randomly to offer a job  I want to Inquire if you can be our Company Representative in North America. Currently, Masanao Mori Senior Executive Officer of on www.komatsuinc.com
On Mon, May 20, 2017 at 6:52 PM, XXX wrote  My name is XXX and I've been searching employment boards for administration jobs. My resume is posted on BCjobs.ca as well as Indeed. I was recently approached (did not apply for position) by email via email asking if I'd be interested in the next post for, the soon to be opened, Surrey location. They  specified that I was not to call the Company but was to respond via email, which I did.  Upon checking on the business, using the web site provided, I found very little information so I then tried through Google. The only thing I can find is that it is/was an engineering (consulting) company that was taken over by an external entity.  Last week I got another email, early in the morning, that said  that someone from our office will be contact you soon to discuss the position, please ensure you are available for the call soon. This very unprofessional communication (no date or time given) coupled with the lack of Company information made me wonder if this was a legitimate offer. Then I got a call, on the same day, from the number listed below asking only to describe myself in 3 words and asking if I was still interested in the position. The woman did not answer my questions about the Company  said she'd have another staff member respond to them. Call 411 shows the 902 number under another business name and, upon checking the web site number for THAT company, I call and was told that 902-704-1570 was a number they had disconnected several years ago.  I've not heard a word until I received the below mentioned email this afternoon. After many years in finance I've learnt to proceed with caution when my  true gut feelings who  are yelling  to tas  and this supposed offer (where I'm told that money will be sent to me to arrange accommodations etc, when I've not yet met anyone from the Company) is also beginning to suggest a money transfer/transfer issue.  Due to the reasons listed above I am reaching out to  the Better Business Bureau 1) to find out if this is a legitimate company opening a new office in the area and 2) to allow you to contact the appropriate authorities (or let me know who I should contact) if there are issues.  I thank you for your time, XXX
Received an email telling me I was selected as the best candidate for a job I have no intention of applying for.  The initial email gave me an odd feeling.  The email was generic, very still, and did not mention the position I was supposedly hired for.  The email requested my information and a description about why I thought I was the best person for the job.  This is not how things work in my experience.  Upon looking at the job description that was included in the email, I knew something was wrong.  The job is in London, which I have no experience in, the pay was ridiculous, and no skills or experience was required.
"Employer" provided me with a job offer for a position as a "Payment Manager" for their company. I couldn't remember applying for anything with this company so I checked the company website. It is a fancy looking website but the quality is poor and there is no real information about what they do except for the logistics involved with moving. The position was to be the liaison between customers and the company for payment options. It was a work-from-home position paying $26.00/hour, which seemed too good to be true. It was not listed on their website. The positions that were listed each had the same big picture attached to them even though the positions were very different from each other. The PR guy who called me asked me to fill out an application form and gave me a very vague job description document. I filled this out and within the day they offered me the position, without asking for a copy of my resume, background check, or references. I was handed a direct deposit form and a labour agreement document, and told to fill these out and send them back to the company, after which I would undergo a phone interview. The ad team was very busy, calling me daily to ask if I had received the email and that they were waiting for my reply. I called the address the company is supposedly located at, and found that it is located in a suburb in Windsor, not an industrial sector. The company is also not listed on the web. via sendgrid.net
I have been calling him back and forth and I told him I went to my contacts today to talk to them about this Bitcoin and me using my personal account and they say for security reasons that I should not allow any payments be put into my account and me send them out through email or email money transfer as anything could come back on me NSF and I'm not sure if this is it or not. They contacted me for employment through my LinkedIn file please advise if this company is a fraud or what I should do.  They say they can open an a company account until after my two-week probation period
Other company name used: Open Doors Career Resource Centre Total Dollars Lost $0.00. Description I received an email from Indeed.com, which I had signed up to for employment opportunities. I found the posting on Indeed.com and applied for it. I was contacted by a person (Michael Cole) claiming to be gay, he said that they received my application for the Staff Quality Support Position being offered on indeed. I was told that I had been selected and that if I was interested to provide them with my age, sex, address, phone and current employer. I was told I'd be given $300 for each assignment I completed (secret note) Plus $100 for expenses. I clicked back and forth with "Mr.." and spoke with him on the phone ( I thought it strange that the person in Nova Scotia would have a thick Canadian accent, as rural Nova Scotia is not overly rural) I did receive a package by UPS with my assignment and a check for $3,800 which I was to deposit in cash and verify that they agreed to banking standards of making 80% available immediately. (which I also found to be unlikely, as many banks are only required to make $100 available. I did deposit the check and withdrew $100. I later received a notice from my bank that my account was open, and when I called them I learned that the check was a fake. I am not sure how the lawyers planned to make money from this, except maybe they were going to contact me and request the balance of the money back, (it never got that far.) I should have noticed the small difference. They were based in N.S. and their "client"  (access D Solutions, supposedly in Chicago, yet the UPS parcel came from North York, had the vendor's name listed).
I was approached via email as I looked for a new job by Jessica@exacam-cnc.com offering a 95K salary on my resume alone. No interview, no calls, no meetings. This is very suspicious and when I try to write about the nature of the job nothing comes out and no details are given. I never applied for this job and they said they found me through a recruiting site. I've been trying to get some information on this company but it looks like all there is about it is on their own site and no presence or mentions anywhere else.                                                                                                Just r.
and me saying they found my resume on indeed.ca. Asked me to answer 2 questions ( If you are interested in applying for this position, please respond to this letter by answering the following questions: 1.Why do you think you are the best candidate for this position and what specifically do you think you can contribute to our company? 2. Name three things you need to establish a comfortable working environment?) Offered me a position based on those questions. No interview or additional info required. Job seemed too good to be true. Asked for personal I formation over email. The tone, grammar, and spelling deteriorated drastically with each email succeeding the original email which led me to believe it was a stranger stalking me.
the person above contacted me via email "saw your resume on line" offering me a job  did not feel good would like to know more about the company .his email looks like from indeed but it is not indeedemail.com?? called his given number and the number given in the web site the same person answered the phone..no receptionist no human resources department nothing one person runs the show?please help
Got an email for an offer for multiple positions with salary over 40 plus crazy benefits like personal laptop, phone, 4 weeks paid vacation, personal office and all. Even though the office office wasn't in my city, they assured me that I can work from home or they can create an office for me in my city (every expense would have been paid by them). I agreed, so they said to wait for phone interview, but only call I got was about when can I start working. I did give them my direct deposit info and signed a contract which was not with a company but with a person recruiting me. After that "employer" asked me to download app Telegram for further communication. There she eagerly gave me full description of the business and future training. Turns out, that I was suppose to learn in transfers and account handling. They wanted me to learn to deposit and transfer funds using my banking account first and then they said they going to set up with their account latter. I asked them some time to think. I started doing my research whether it was a scar. (I did some research prior to "phone interview " and didnot find anything that related to the EXACAM CNC CORP. The only thing that was off is that I found their business licence in Canada but not in USA even though they had office in USA. During the weekends, me and my friend did further research. We found very limiting information regarding the company and only mention was couple jobs working in Calgary where they donot have an office. Further on, person that contacted me and director of the company didnot have EXACAM CNC CORP listed in their Linked in profiles. Last fact that convinced me that I was being tested was that Person that contacted me through email and on Telegram app used some other profile picture which we tracked with Google images. In my mind, no ordinary person would use someone else picture to hide behind. After that I blocked the app and stopped answering the phone. Pretty sure it was Bitcoin money trading scheme where they would use my bank account to make money. Be careful everyone. If its too good to be true, its most likely is.
I was hired by a man that went by the name 'Samuel Carter' who offered me a position of a Data Entry Clerk with a salary of $3750 a month. The money grabbed my attention as I am unemployed and I immediately responded to say that I accepted. After I accepted the offer, Samuel told me that a lady will call me on Monday with the last digits being '836'. I found it was questionable when 'he' never gave me the name or full phone number so I checked their website and went on home to find an office, only to discover there is no business office in Ottawa nor a 'Samuel Carter' on the employee list. Therefore, I asked him to provide me an address and telephone number in which he never responded. The last email I sent him states that I decided to decline the offer, now I'm worried what they can do knowing they have my address and telephone number.
Offered a job through email. Sent money through email transfer. Stated to cash out the money and deposit through his again.
I was looking and applying for jobs online. I received an email from one of the jobs i applied for a few weeks back. The email said i had the job i exchanged emails with who i believed was helping and the senior manager. She sent me an email with the job description as well as a signing agreement to sign and take back and send back as well as my drivers license. I did this and was told things would start the next day with a 10 day probation period with a pay of 700. It was training done at home then in 2 weeks moved into the the office which was new and opening in 2 weeks. After looking back through the emails they used words in places that made for a broken sentence and things didnot make total sense. When i called the number later in the day to confirm my info had been received and talk about the training the number was in service so i found the address on the website and it was a building for lease.
This company had an add on indeed.ca for a Customer Service Rep. I replied. Got a message from Indeed to message to send an email message to David crichton@paleansolutions.com for more information. This morning he started to communicate with me, the job expectations and such. Then he sent me a form to sign and return to him with a picture of me holding the signed form. Strange but still I hadn't given any information that couldn't be found in a phone book. But then he asked for my bank name and holder name... I refused to give that information. He said that it was only for the probation period, that I would need to be using it as the company had issues in the past with new employees. No legitimate company would use an employees bank account. How do you get this information out to potential victims.???
DUETTECO INC. is a legitimate social media-friendly physical products company. This company was contacted directly from a person who indicated that they applied, and offered a position of Online Service Manager. The actual legitimate company however, has no such job opening at this time. Note: DUETTECO INC. IS NOT AN IT AND CLOUD SOLUTIONS COMPANY. As already mentioned DUETTECO INC. is a new social media-friendly physical products business. The company's legitimate web domains are duetteco.com /.ca which are still under construction as of October 18, 2017. The player goes by name of Christine SinClair, job title of Manager, and uses an inactive call-back call. 888-641-2350, email: hr@duetteco.org. Founder Christine SinClair targets job offers on Indeed.com/ca - initially calls to discuss virtual job opportunity and immediately sends the offer to candidate via email. The FAKE business domain is DUETTECO.ORG and is miss-representing a legitimate business corporation Duetteco Inc.
The secretary (Jennifer Hill, a senior manager) sent me an email telling that I am qualified to apply for their IT Specialist -online recruit position and asked me if I am interested. I accepted the offer and they sent me an employment agreement already signed by the employer (Timothy M. Merritt)  I signed the agreement and gave the details of my personal info including my full name, birthday, address, phone, email, bank name. All communications were done through email.  The first training I did was posting in free website at Indeed a job vacancy. The next training will be to post job candidates in paid job sites. The process for this would be:  they will personally transfer funds to my account, then from that funds, I will buy bonds to pay the job sites where I will post job cards.  This 2nd training was not done, they stopped communicating with me for 2 days.  Maybe they were hiding my personal background and funds  After getting all my details, they stopped calling me.The website of the club if you open is really a recruitment agency but we can see on their website that their clients-employers are all US based and the job candidates are in the USA.
I was contacted via email by an individual identifying herself as Annette Bagwell, claiming to be the a senior manager for Stainfield Jobs Inc. The email goes on to say that my resume was selected from a large number of job offers, for the position of human resources specialist. Offer, day / month document attached with job details. I have made no contact to this company by any means, and have since then received daily emails from the same individual. I have no human resources experience. Their associated website seems legitimate however their phone number does not work. The emails continue.
Received an email from Marrie Harris at Stainfield Jobs Inc on Monday, October 2, 2017 with a job offer, I knew I had not applied at this company or for this position as I have never heard of them, I played dumb and asked what job it was for, she sent me a job description and said the position was mine. The job description was very vague with no office location and it paid $5000 a month. I looked them up online and their website looked great, the contact info matched her email so I tried calling the number and it was out of service, I then tried to fill in the contact us form on the website and I kept receiving an error message. I then called Marrie and said the number was not working was there another number I could call and where was the office located in Calgary, she replied with the soon to be new office location but did not provide a phone number. I then asked if I would be having an interview with someone or meeting with the new Calgary team, this was her response: We don't conduct a preliminary interview, as the information in the interview is strictly confidential, and we have no right to discuss it until you become our employee. Only after signing the employment contract, you will be considered by our employee and you will be able to have access to confidential information...As an IT professional this answer does not make any sense to me! She has been very persistent as well, I receive a couple emails a day from her, I also receive emails being sent at 6am BC time which to me seems early to be in the office!
I applied for a customer service job on indeed.com. Received an email from Michael Cole, asking of I was interested in a secret spy job for $300/ mission. He asked for name, phone number, email address, home address and name of my bank in order to do a criminal check. I then received a package with a check for $3800 along with a section about the experience at my bank (name of the store, overall impression of the branch, customer service, etc..). I had to deposit it into my bank account, take $3400 out, keep $400 for me ($300 for the job and $100 for expenses) and deposit it into Chris Smith's account at a bank. While doing it I had a feeling that something was wrong. Im now waiting in fear to see my bank account completely drawn out.
 I applied for a job through indeed.ca, even thought there was a glaring mistake in the job ad. It was posted as from BCAA (British Columbia Automotive Association) however the body of the job advertisement was written as from a retailer looking for to fill their clients opening for a not-for-profit youth organization.    I just thought it was a test and applied anyway. The next day I got an email from Annette Bagwell saying that they were a job recruitment agency, that they were eager to hire me and to reply to the email if I still wanted the job. When I replied saying yes that did want the job I instantly got back an email to look over the attached job description. This is where I knew something was not right. The job description was not what I applied for however if was a work from home position with incredible pay. After reading it I was instructed to reply again to the email as to how I was a good fit for the job etc. At this point I decided to research this company. The website looks great but when you try to look a little further on the site, especially the job search portion you get "error" messages. By searching the file I found another person who had a similar experience however she actually applied for the job and thought they were just trying to get her personal information. 
I received an email from a Dexter Jackson who says he's from SAS Institute with an offer from DEIS company (the one Microsoft bought). I have my business (graphic design) email posted on many job and family websites, so I'm assuming this is how they got a hold of my email. So, I said "okay, I'll bite." I could have totally used the job he was describing: remote graphic design opportunity, pay was good, health benefits, etc. I sent the link to my portfolio, I then get an email from a Ben Rivers claiming to be from the human resources department at DEIS, saying I have been shortlisted for an interview via Google chat (first red light  who interviews via text chat?). I get the link for the chat (deisonlineoffice2017@gmail.com  all of the emails are Gmail, also a red light), with the interview code Designs4Deis2017. Okay, cool. This is new. We went through the WHOLE interview. Question after question. This part seemed very legitimate. It got weird when he said that he was going to send a check via PDF (I know right?) for a mobile deposit, and needed my information (name, address, license, everything). This was the breaking point for me. So I asked if he could verify that he did in fact represent him  he responded with "We can call". I then asked if there was a number that I, myself could call to verify, and if he had an employee number that I can refer to when I do call to verify. I was then blocked! All of the emails used are: - deisonlineoffice2017@gmail.com (Jerome Silverspoon) - deiscareers.ggle2017@gmail.com (Ben Rivers) - sasjobs2017@gmail.com (Dexter Jackson)
I was contacted by a person claiming to be gay, he said that they received my application for the Staff Quality Support Position being offered on indeed. I went onto indeed and there was no job posting and no record of me every applying for a position. I was told that I had been selected and that if I was interested to provide them with my age, sex, address, phone and current employer. I was told I'd be given $300 for each assignment I completed (secret notes). I looked at their website which is very minimal, I was also able to determine that the website has only been active for a month yet the company claims to have been around for 15 years.
This is a training/employments website. The website was created on May 28th 2017, grabbed contact information from           banks and sent mass emails disguised as a legitimate business in the hopes of getting additional sensitive information or money. They say their business has been around since 2009, but their website was created on the 28th (found through domain list information) and that's the day I received an email from them promising very high rates of pay for minimum work. They are not registered with the Better Business Bureau, nothing comes up when          in their business, and I only hope they don't access to potential victims' sensitive information. They designed everything to look like a legitimate business, though the architect for the website, Lucia Rozborova, does not reside in Toronto. This is a sophisticated plan.
Received an email with a job offer for a management position I never applied for. Nothing on my resume indicates that I would be a suitable candidate for a management position, especially in technology! The letter written by Crystal as, Manager at Complete Technical Solutions stated they got my resume from Workopolis, yet I've never posted my resume there or on any other website for that matter. In addition, the letter states I just need to reply to the email to start employment, as well as a request to respond even if not interested. There are quite a few gaps in this job offer letter as well. There is a company named Complete TECHNOLOGY Solutions that I found on a Google search, and a website for Complete TECHNICAL Solutions is apparently under construction. There are a few mentions of this name on Google, Yellow Pages, etc., but I didn't see any actual reviews. The email address I was to respond to is career@completetechnical.ca. I was able to find legitimate email addresses for @completetech.ca only. You can also see in the attached email that the phone number is not written in the sequence that's used in North America (60-81-66. I have Crystal as, Manager, Complete Technical Solutions and a linked-in account for someone with the same name, who does work in the Human Resources/Recruiter field and presently at Staples, popped up. I did not respond so have no idea if there would have been an attempt to ask for money, or what the end game would be. Just thought I'd pass this on.
They offered a position. They found my resume and email on site. Test in the message: Attention please applicant Yohan Perez Fernandez, My name is Margarita Byrsan. I'm the Chief Hiring Department of Semigear Co Limited, and our shop is located in Canada. Siemens Co Ltd is a world supplier of high-quality application specific standard products within the broad discrete, logic, analog and mixed-signal computer markets. Our specialization implies high-speed implementation of new technologies and new-product introduction for design-and-planning engineers and consumers. I am very glad to confirm the regular-day job offer for you. Our team showed keen interest in your CV. We are concerned that you would be able to perform duties correspondingly to your position and make the great contribution to our company operation. The full list of positions and conditions we offer is in the Google Drive follow to this link: https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B6nmbyl2ceKLOUotSjE1SEhOYTQ Please take a moment to look into our proposal carefully and immediately. These are key advantages of working with us: Full-set insurance (health, dental, etc.)  100% life insurance  fully-paid on  corporate iPhone, laptop, gas card and many more. Last but not least, you will work in your own office being ultimately concentrated on your tasks only. Should you are interested, please contact me about any opening you choose. After that, we will send you more details and specifications regarding the one you choose. On behalf of the whole team, I wish you the substantial, productive, and high-potential career working with us! Looking forward for your answer at is Chief Hiring Department of the  Royal Mining Co. Group  1 (807) 700-0064  773 Memorial Drive, Thunder Bay, ON -. Media Co - CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: The information transmitted is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain proprietary, business-confidential and/or privileged material. If you are not the intended recipient of this message you are therefore notified that any use, review, translation, distribution, distribution, reproduction or any action taken in reliance upon this message is prohibited. If you received this in error, please contact the server and remove the material from any computer
Email to wrong named person. Then when I responded with my name they offered a job to me said I was already hired. Seems like a cop thought I would report it I didn't apply to any jobs or send a resume.
Claiming they will pay you cash and train you to use this money and transfer money from the main ATM to there business accounts. Claiming they are opening an accounting office and his name is Marcus Adler.
Asked to apply for the position of Payment Manager, work at home, $30 per hour/ 40 hours a week.I asked to job details and about the company. Please send me a Job Description and a 2-page application form.  I printed the application form and sent it to the paper last night.. At 8 am this morning there was an email telling me that I am already hired and the next part of the hiring process is to fill up some forms where i need to send a copy of my Passport and Driver's License. There was also a form for direct deposit where i should have a void clause. Please be there.
Job offer after they located me on LinkedIn. Had to fill out an application form after which I would get a telephone interview. As soon as I sent the application in I was hired, no interview. Asked to fill out an employment form including banking info, blank void cards, etc. Also asked to confirm my identity by send a photo of my drivers license, passport, or other form. They did say to cover the birthday and license number which seems odd.
Received initial email saying they saw my resume online. I responded for details on job. The next email and detailed job descriptions. Grammar was terrible. The email said I was hired and just needed to decide what position I was interested in. I didn't respond. Next day I received another email saying to respond. I sent a response to say I wasn't interested.
After applying to a few jobs online, I got a response from this company I did not apply for.  The company claims to be a bank based in Switzerland and are soon to be opening a branch here in Edmonton.  They are looking to get into their investment, so they need people to process transactions and keep records.  They claim to have gotten my resume from a recruitment agency, but one I've never used and shouldn't have my info.  Similar cases have appeared before.  Below is the offer email: "Thank you for raising your interest in the position of Office Assistant. My name is Monica Martin and I would like to welcome you on behalf of JBMS Capital AG. I am an FBI assistant and I received your resume from "Missbad" recruitment agency. Having reviewed your resume, we would like to consider you for the superior position of "Alternative Investment's Support". Due to your resume, I am confident that you stand a good chance of being hired for this position. in our new office. The new office will be opened in Edmonton (10180 101 St NW, Edmonton) on October 3. In order to progress your application, I have attached a number of documents to this email for you to complete. Please, fill out the "Employment Application Form" attached, and email or mail it back to me at +1 (888) 217-9858. Information about the company and the position in details can be found in the "Corporate Profile" and "Position Description" documents. Your candidacy will be carefully considered by Mr.Marcus Adler, who is our development manager of The North America's department. If Mr.Adler choose you for this position, he will contact you within two days. I look forward to your reply. Yours 2011, Monica Martin, assistant JBMS Capital AG doi: +1 (888) 217-9858"
Received an email with an offer of employment, several documents attached. She didn't give a phone number, also the website looked fake.
I received an offer to make $5,000.00 a month working from home, for a job that I didn't apply for. I owe the company any they have an official looking web site, but the phone number is not in service and when I need their address I got and add for a unit for lease.
Below is the email I received after applying for a job through JOBS.CA. "Kindly be informed that you will be receiving a package on behalf of Stern Group Inc.  today at the address we have on file for you. Here is the FedEx Tracking number:  787701685220 on the payment, as soon as you receive it kindly have it deposited You can do this via your bank app mobile deposit or the ATM machine. Once you are done I will walk you through the process of ordering the materials. Let me know as soon as you have the check. On Thursday, July 31, 2017 at 12:13 PM, Peterson Lewis  wrote: Hello, Your resume which you submitted to us  has been approved. We are interested in having you in our great establishment. The open positions we currently have available are for Data Entry, office management, Clerical Admin, Administrative Clerk/Assistant, Customer Service Specialist, financial expert, Sales, Accounting, Senior Clerk, Book keeping, Office Clerk, Management, IT. Which one of the above positions will you be able to handle effectively? The first interview process will be done via Google Hangout and you are needed to set up a Google Hangout ID if you don't have one. Once you do that, you will then have me added to your list for the job training and online interview process. Add: Paul Jones via Google. ID: hiringdesksjob@gmail.com for the interview. See you soon! Yours Truly, David Bailey Hiring Manager." I set up the "Hang Outs" account as advised.  Below is the conversation up until today "Good Morning.  I have just received an email in regards to an administrative position with Chubb.  The positions that I would be most interested in are either the Chief Advisor or the Administrative Clerk...  I look forward to hearing from you. July 31, 10:23 AM Jerry, (hiringdesksjob@gmail.com) Good morning Peterson  bull  May 1, 7:12 AM Peterson Lewis (hiringdesksjob@gmail.com) Are you ready? Peterson  bull  May 1, 12:55 PM Good Morning...yes I am ready Peterson Lewis (hiringdesksjob@gmail.com) we believe you have the wealth of knowledge and experience we are looking for in an employee for the above position. Job type: Full time Salary: $52,000  per Annum and other benefits Duties include  answering busy phones in a professional manner, 2.Efficiently scheduling appointments and crews, including drivers, receive and process all orders, expense forms, and request for payments from suppliers 4.Follow up on customers/suppliers and complaint resolution, 5.Data entry, general service duties as well as other duties as needed.  Training will be provided. That sounds like a good fit to me!!!  What is the next step? Peterson Lewis (hiringdesksjob@gmail.com) Kindly respond to the following questions  ABOUT us. At The Stern Group, we help our clients navigate the ever-changing global, economic, political, technological and media environments in which they operate. Providing them with highly valued service, informed strategic counsel and intellectual integrity, we shape their message in Washington, DC and beyond to assure their voice is heard. Drawing on The Honorable Paula Stern's unique experience and perspective as a former diplomat and nine-year member of the U.S. International Trade Commission, we also advocate on behalf of our clients to resolve their international trade disputes and enforce their agreements. On high-level policy issues, we have performed assignments for the U.S. Congress  the U.S. Trade Representative's Office  The National Academy of Sciences  the International Trade Commission  the Departments of Commerce, Defense, State, Energy and Justice  The World Bank and other major financial organizations. 1. Are you  presently working? 2 Where are you presently located? 3. How many hours are you willing to Work per day? 4. Press Interval:  Weekly or Bi-weekly ? 5. Common Method : Check or Direct deposit? 6. Have you managed up to 5 workers before? 7. What is your phone number (your cell number) 1.  No I am presently not working 2.  London On Sunday 8 hours per day 4. No preference 5.  Direct Deposit 6. Have not been in a management position before 519-857-2677 - 5, 11:54 AM Peterson Lewis (hiringdesksjob@gmail.com) We are happy to let you know you made it to the next level. You will start online training  hopefully next week. Your supervisor will call you up before the training. The training is over Apple or the Cloud for one week. Morning session (9-10 am) or Evening  session(6-7 pm). You will choose one.   Further reading will take place afterwards @ our office in ON.  Training will be paid for. Kindly confirm your email address so we can mail out a check to cover your training materials. I will provide more details on this as  the day goes by. Peter Peterson Peterson  bull  May 5, 12:11 PM ok...are the Stern Group and Chubb affiliated in some way?  Do you have my resume?  All my contact information is on there. 5, 1:28 PM Peterson Lewis (hiringdesksjob@gmail.com) Yes! Stern Group Inc. and Chubbs are affiliated. I will check your resume for the needed information. Thank you!?? Peterson Lewis (hiringdesksjob@gmail.com) I will update you as soon as the check has been handed out to you. Ok...thank you. 5, 4:21 PM Peterson Lewis (hiringdesksjob@gmail.com) Hello Kindly be informed that you will be receiving a package on behalf of Stern Group Inc.  today at the address we have on file for you. Here is the FedEx Tracking number:  787701685220 on the payment, as soon as you receive it kindly have it deposited You can do this via your bank app mobile deposit or the ATM machine. Once you are done I will walk you through the process of ordering the materials. Let me know as soon as you have the check. Hi..I have received it but I am at a bit of a loss as to what this is for.  Please explain the job, where it is located etc and what the fee is for before I deposit it.  This is a very strange situation.  I am sure you can understand my hesitation. Thanks Peterson Lewis (hiringdesksjob@gmail.com) The next payment is to enable you acquire the needed materials which will be used for your training. We had discussed this extensively during the interview process. You can go through our messages again to shed more light on the scenario Yes I did read through them.  I guess I find it strange that I have not talked to anyone in person or even know where the Ontario office is located.  Sorry to question but I like to put a voice to the name before I become financially involved.  I am just not use to this kind of hiring process is all.  Am I able to talk to someone in person before we begin this process? Peterson Lewis (hiringdesksjob@gmail.com) That is understandable. Someone will reach out to you as soon as possible to give you more information Thank you very much!!!  I appreciate your efforts.  I look forward to hearing from someone soon. Wed, 3:13 PM Peterson Lewis (hiringdesksjob@gmail.com) Could you kindly reach out to me on 506-804-0049 He is waiting to attend to you Thank you!! you I called and left a message Wed, 3:47 PM Peterson Lewis (hiringdesksjob@gmail.com) I think I will write my application. I have already destroyed the whole 5.
This man was for job and asked me to sign the document and send back and get in touch with an visa agent details:"TUA Agent, Full Name: Mr. Fred Raymond, Address: 800 W Central Road, Mount Prospect, Illinois 60056, United States, Email: enquiries@travelusaagency.com, Phone Number: +1 847 281 5899" and asked me to pay 1000 USD. When I checked the website age for the travel agent and the recruitment card company both were less than 1 month old.
This is what i received : This information has been automatically sent to you because it has got a complaint, claiming that your company is violating the Fair Labor Standards Act. You can download the text file with the information of abuse by following the link                        .  We also request that you give a answer within 24 hours to us. This message should contain information about what you intend to do with it. Important notice: When referring to us, keep the company ID "Incident:771570695917:447" native in the subject. Better Business Bureau Abuse Department Guy M.
I applied on indeed, I received an email explaining a full time administrative position, then a few days later an email about a part-time position.  I replied to the email that I was interested.  I received a call from a Nova Scotia number where he asked me a few questions about my Customer service and my experience then told me I would receive an email from the Manager Patrick which I did.  There is a contract explaining a 14 day trial period.  the reason I thought it strange is because it said I would have to use my personal credit card. Thank you for your interest in the vacancy of Aeroduction Consulting Inc. We had reviewed you resume and can offer you a 2 weeks of trial with supervising (using an online office), that is going to be a part-time position with a weekly guaranteed compensation (470 CAD) plus bonus for order processing. Your daily duties: - Stay online from 9 AM to 12 AM from Monday to Friday (hour are flexible) - Providing our clients with a customer service within the working hours agreed - Cooperation with our Financial department - Processing e-payments (funds and training provided) Requirements: - PC / mobile phone required - Solid skills skills - Fluent needs - Personal credit card required (to receive a card-to-card transfer from financial center.) - At least 21 years old - Canada work permit You can be offered with a full-time office position after probation. The full-time employment has more benefits as an insurance and paid income. If meeting all requirements, you will surely get this job in your area. Our Company going to open a new office at your city. If you are still very much interested, PLEASE REPLY WITH YOUR PHONE NUMBER and our manager will get in touch with you shortly. Also, if you have any questions, free to call our head office number at 902-908-0019 (10am to 5pm ET). Thank you for your consideration.
After getting the "hiring manager" from Bobrick through the email add I was called and fired almost immediately.  I was in a class during the time they called and tried to call back but no one answered.  After answering interview questions over email, the hiring manager answered me to inform me that I had been selected to work as an administrative assistant for their new company opening in Vancouver.  He told me that their accounting team would be giving me a check for office supplies and I was to contact them "as soon as the money was credited to my account" and asked me to send him a copy of the deposit slip, which I did.  I was very naive and didn't consider that it was a dream!  Thankfully, my bank manager called me early the next day to inform me that the check was a loan and that I should contact him immediately.  Thanks to my bank, they caught it in time and I wasn't handed money, and the driver wasn't given any.  For the next three days I had panic attacks and nausea- it was a really strange experience for me.  I'm not very hesitant to use sites like this for job seeking.  I suggest to everyone else to try and go through free recruiting services.
Carlos contacted me via email to offer me the position of Payment Manager which is a work from home position.  He said I could do either full time or part time at $30 per hour.  He sent me an application to fill out and send back to him. I filled out the application and about 10 minutes later he told me I have the job. He wanted me to send him my banking information for direct deposit and after he receives this he will call me for an interview.  My gut feeling became stronger because in my experience an interview is always done first. So I asked him my concerns on Friday.  This is me and I just heard back. He said he can pay me less if I like. One thing I said in the email was that $30 per hour is a lot and sounds too good to be true. I also asked him if he can prove it is a legitimate company.  I mentioned to him that interviews are usually first and he said I will have telephone interview after passing all stages of registration.  He didn't say anything about being a real company. So, my guess is he's a man trying to talk people out of their hard earned money.
Carlos contacted me via email to offer me the position of Payment Manager which is a work from home position.  He said I could do either full time or part time at $30 per hour.  He sent me an application to fill out and send back to him. I filled out the application and about 10 minutes later he told me I have the job. He wanted me to send him my banking information for direct deposit and after he receives this he will call me for an interview.  My gut feeling became stronger because in my experience an interview is always done first. So I asked him my concerns on Friday.  This is me and I just heard back. He said he can pay me less if I like. One thing I said in the email was that $30 per hour is a lot and sounds too good to be true. I also asked him if he can prove it is a legitimate company.  I mentioned to him that interviews are usually first and he said I will have telephone interview after passing all stages of registration.  He didn't say anything about being a real company. So, my guess is he's a man trying to talk people out of their hard earned money.
Good afternoon, Thank you for applying for the Staff Quality Support Position we recently advertised on www.indeed.com. I have attached the job posting in this email and if you are still interested in pursuing this opportunity, do reply with how many tasks you are able to carry out in a week. The minimum is one and maximum is three. Do note that each task takes approximately two hours to complete. Luke Anderson 16-08-2017 Human Resource Manager 902-442-7615 EXT 103 www.astaffs.com Attachments area This was my initial email.  It was followed up with several others, as well as 2 phone calls from different people.  I also had a phone interview.  As they were in Paris and I am in Toronto I wouldn't meet anyone or maybe a single Interview.   I was asked how many classes I would be able to take each week.  I was asked where I work, my full name, age, bank I used as they had to do a check because  I may be working with financial institutions.  I did provide all that information but never my account.  I was then called to tell everything went well and wanted to know when I could start. I called the number a couple of times and always received an automated system.  I then finally got a hold of me there and he said he would be sending the details of my first assignment.  I am taking the code that was sent to me.  I was told I would be paid 300.00 for 2-hour assignments.  When I received a call from a security company which Luke claimed was a client I thought it strange.  I also, became suspicious as the check was for 4800,00 for expenses.  I realized that it was a loan and I would not deposit it into my account or contact it again, I went to my bank and they verified that the check was authentic.  I also have other emails and the letter that was sent with the phone.
I was contacted by someone going by the name of Rebbeca Huff, on behalf of a job recruiting "agency" called Real Jobs. This person told me that I'd applied and they wanted to offer me the job, but I had never heard of this company. Mind you, I'd been job hunting for months and was losing track of where I'd applied, so I gave them the benefit of the doubt. I couldn't find any information on the company  they seemed interested (apart from their website that did in fact have job details). This person was very persistent, and despite me asking questions about what the job would contain, they gave me very little information about what my job duties would actually include. First my title would be Human Resource Specialist, then on the "Freelance Agreement" they sent me it said Job Recruiter. They didn't speak English very well which was odd, you'd think someone in their position at an actual agency would have decent grammar. And the salary they were offering was overly generous for very minimal, stay at home work. It didn't make sense. What scared me was that contract. I read it over a handful of times, and it seemed legitimate. Looking back, they could've copy and printed it from anywhere and had me sign it. But I was desperate after job hunting for so long, and was intrigued by the possibility of actually making decent money with minimal experience. My judgement went out the window. What has my stomach in knots now, is they also wanted photo ID. So I took a picture of my driver's license (I blurred out my license number and address) and sent it to them. They now have my full name, photo ID, date of birth and postal code. All basic private information to get into private accounts, and god knows what else. I                          , and regretted it as soon as I pressed send. I didn't do my homework until after the fact, and realized that every email interaction between myself and this so called "Rebbeca Huff" (whom I couldn't find on Facebook or social media) was a red flag, and a clear indicator of a job deal. Now my personal information is most likely in the hands of criminals.
I received an email form a person called Adriana Leon telling me she saw my resume on a job website and offered me  a job that would pay 1340$ CAD, and I accepted. I filled some labor agreement papers but everything seemed too good to be true so I did some research and found this website and read many other stories like this one where they say they will pay with it and get paid. Next thing I know the person that contacted me asked me to follow the same steps I read on other employment forms. So I stopped answering and blocked them. I don't want anything like this to happen to other people. Here are the steps they told me to follow, I asked them about the job but they never answered they only cared about the payment : Create a messenger account and add me, after that we'll call you. Your first task is create a Yahoo Messenger account! Steps of creating a Yahoo Messenger account: 1.1) If you already have photo ID, go to step 4. 1.2) If you haven't got Yahoo ID, than go to messenger.yahoo.com 2) Press to "Create Account" 3) Text your first name, last name, new phone id, password, mobile phone number and birth date. 4) Log in to your messenger account on messenger.yahoo.com 5) Start a new conversation(image of pencil). 6) Text my photo ID. It's: altamont.adriana@yahoo.com 7) Wait for my reply. Also you can download Yahoo Messenger to your phone, tablet or desktop. This will allow me to respond more quickly to your messages. I will wait your reply! We are working with this because it's profitable. Canada have a lot of Bitcoin ATM, through which you can buy Bitcoin. All of our employees have Bitcoin balance. You will use it in course of your work.  first task: our Financial department will send corporate e-Transfer card for you. You need to deposit money with secret answer, then cash out full amount in the bank, after that drive to their'location and through a Code purchase Bitcoin for your wallet. It's one-time task. You'll use Bitcoin during your work for buying domain names, hosting and the database for our customers. It's one-time task As I told you before, you should fill your own wallet, to start accepting orders from our customers and perform large deals with our partners (partners). How the process of filling your wallet should be done: 1. Receive corporate money through an e-transfer,deposit money into your bank account. 2. Cash out full amount from bank. 3. Purchase it for your wallet in Bitcoin ATM location. 4. Then make a photo of BTM screen with Bitcoins amount, which will add on your wallet. 5. Send this photo to me as your report. I attached your personal digital wallet to this message. It is a picture (a CODE). Save it on your mobile phone or print it and take with you, when you will go to BTM. This code will help you to deposit money into your personal account wallet. This is personal ID code of your wallet, only you have access to this. DO NOT LOSE IT! DO NOT GIVE IT TO OTHER HANDS!!Please confirm that you understand the process of filling your wallet.!Please confirm that you saved your own code or printed this. I'm wait for your reply. Adriana Leon - Manager Altamont IT Solutions hr@altamont-it.com (226) 499-7969 altamont-it.com
He keeps changing the company name to offer fake job offer, then sends you out checks to cash.
Contacted me about a job position trading cards. Using email money transfer to purchase items. They have no phone number or means of contact. When the email transfer didn't go through asked for my credit card info..
I received an email one day and said all the other jobs have been filled, but they are now looking for a Special Assistant.  I went through my records, and I don't remembered that company name, but the link they sent me was some public servant job site.  So, I responded and complete the application form they sent me and they quickly called me the next day with an employment contract.  They asked for account information so that they can deposit my salary in it.  The odd part is that they said their clients donations will go into my account and  I will have to pay them back with all the donation money I received to them. I must also signed the contract and scanned it back to them. I then decided not to go for it.
I was contacted by this company when I applied for a job on a job boards website. Initially everything seemed easy as they sent me a message and didn't ask any personal info except references. However when they sent me a job offer without an interview I became suspicious. I researched the company online unable to find any other information or registration data. Their website used stock images  Finally when I read the offer of employment closely, I discovered that the signature of the new person was a stock image too!!! That's when I knew and decided not to go ahead with them.
I was granted a position about working with a company called SEA Achievement Program or also known as the student excellence achievement program. Not thinking, I thought this was a job offer I got from the numerous job ads I responded too through email or indeed. Later on with working the job I noticed things weren't adding up. My job description was to work a 9 - day job making online presentations for foreign exchange students to know about Calgary before they visit. I was told to add a app called Help in order to reach contact with the woman who gave me the job. The number she has provided is the same number on the company website. There came a specific day where I was asked to receive $2400 from an acclaimed sponsor that will pay for the students stay that are coming to Calgary. The students coming to Calgary were acclaimed to stay for a week and were coming from Germany. That confused me a bit as on the website, it said students were suppose to travel the world. Mostly Europe or America and mentioned nothing about Canada. I received the payment and was repeatedly called and begged to be updated about what was going on with the funds. I was told to take out $2400 and deposit it else where. I failed to do so and was asked to e-transfer it back to her. 3 days later was supposedly my "pay day" from this company and the woman named Stefania Paolini stopped responding through the email app as well as my phone calls. I later had friends and my boyfriend look at the website and the details and I was blinded to see now that I was a victim of this reckless behaviour. To this present day, I have been visited again now by a woman named Elizabeth Gilbert who has the same tactic that the previous woman used. The company she is representing is called stainfieldjobs.com. She is now asking for personal information such as pictures of drivers license, passport or medical cards that I think are resulting to identity theft. If she could be stopped as well that'd be great.
I posted my resume on indeed.ca. The manager contacted me by email, not through the job site. They offered me an online services manager position and I filled out a bit of paperwork before I noticed their contact information was full as well as their website.
This company contacted me via email to offer me a job. They said that an office was being built so they were going to have me work from home in the mean time. They offered me a job position for which I was not applying and had no qualifications. They offer to put you on a probation period for which they'll pay you $700 for 10 days work. I had just witnessed a previous case that was almost entirely similar so when I started asking questions, they stopped bothering me. They will tell you that they will provide you with all the training and send you documents that make them seem legitimate.
This company will contact you and offer you a job position. They will tell you they are opening a location in your city soon and will have you work from home in the mean time. They send you all the documentation to make it seem as though they are legitimate, but they are not. They have you take direct deposit payments from their "company vendor", you then go to the bank, withdraw the funds, and then deposit them into a "cash" machine. I don't know what their intention is with this money, but you are the middle man. They will do this several times with you and then stop before it comes time to pay you.
This person contacted me saying they received my resume off of a job website. They sent me a job offer with a very realistic looking website for a shop inspector position. The website is called smart choice limited, they have accreditation services such as the better business bureau and a                                    website The links on website led the audience to the legitimate site called            , which appears related. When I called the number written on Smart choice limited website and told their address they appeared illegitimate, I just don't want anyone else to fall for this.
The person who discovered this case was looking for work online and the owner posted in Freelancer.com that their company is looking for persons based in Toronto, Canada. The company provided his email address and instructed interested applicants to email him directly. The person  called the customer and the caller just asked a few questions about job experiences and immediately sent a copy of the contract stating that the given rate will be 1/hour. So the victim signed the contract. Take note all communications are via email. But the killer often calls the victim at their house. The name has a different accent like that of a human. The victim wanted to drop by at the lawyer's office in downtown Toronto but the caller changes the subject and directs it towards the "so-called" training. The victim sent a copy of her driver's license. The victim is already doubtful and decided to back out but the lawyer already sent the first package to the victim's house. The victim having read this article on it on a later date, wanted to know what to do with the package. The victim does not want to get involve with the case and decides to send back the package to the origin. Kindly advise.
I was contacted through indeed.com. I have a resume on the website and had been contacted (positively) through the website before. The job opportunity was a Payment Manager, $30/week work from home, training provided. I filled you the application and immediately received a job offer. I researched the company and there was very little information, plus their website used stock images and similar, scientific information. Eventually, I learned about the "work from home" job plan. This job had all the warning signs: (1) great pay, (2) little to no experience, (3) you didn't apply, (4) you get the job almost immediately with no interview, (5) they tell you that you have limited days to accept the job offer and (6) they require your bank information and ID. That is the information that they will use to commit fraud crimes. A few other red flags were that the job application asked for age and gender, which a professional or person would know is generally illegal to ask on a job application. Also, the sentence and grammar structure was laid back and unprofessional. And finally, I noticed that the job acceptance form looked extremely similar to a form in a video about another logistics accompany job card (specifically the blue stamp).
I applied for a job for an administrative assistant of a company called the community or north parkland community and it was a total shame they wanted me to move money through but after a week and a half of working with them talked to the manage "theti" over to a communication app who has not switched her name to this and so look out for that name, to make a long story short the bank froze my account and i lost over two weeks of time and almost faced legal troubles! If it seems to go it probably is
I applied for a job for an administrative assistant of a company called the community or north parkland community and it was a total shame they wanted me to move money through but after a week and a half of working with them talked to the manage "theti" over to a communication app who has not switched her name to this and so look out for that name, to make a long story short the bank froze my account and i lost over two weeks of time and almost faced legal troubles! If it seems to go it probably is
I was contacted by a man claiming to be the manager via email. He said he saw my resume on indeed.ca and was offering me work from home employment. He called the position Online Service Manager. I asked if we could chat on the phone regarding what the position involved. He responded back on email stating he could only be contacted by email. His life was very poor and it all started to look like a game. I called the employer and found nothing. The only way to see a website on the employer was a direct link on the email I received. I finally searched the man's name on        . He actually lives in    . He claimed to be expanding his IT business to      . I believe the entire job offer was a way to tap in to my bank account. Shortly after I said I might be interested, a fake email came to me from my bank saying an attempt to access my account from an unknown source needed my attention. It asked me to enter my email and password to get into my online banking. The email was not from my bank but from this man. Always look up the employer, the company, etc. before accepting any offer of employment. The links in his email were all fake but did appear completely legitimate.!!!!
I was contacted by email from a person by the name of Ashley Lawrence at AGRP Solutions Inc. stating they found my profile and resume on         , which is an employment website.  The email was vague about what the job required, but I was curious as I am in search of employment, so I responded with the job application form they included, despite my concern about the Word document she sent me, which was not professional and contained too many technical errors.  I also had an electronic signature on it, that was all, but no name was printed, just a title.  The job application did not ask for any seriously personal info that they would not have already seen from the employment website      , so I proceeded with the application.  I did conduct my own research, I         told the company which brought me to a very basic website, again not describing in detail what they do, there were no links, no terms of services, and the phone number that was not local or even a 1-800 number, it was strange.  I then         named the person who contacted me Ashley Lawrence, which I was unable to find anywhere, a          full profile, etc.  The address listed on the website for this "business" is also a residential apartment building.  I received another email from Ashley saying they are welcoming me to the position, I replied asking a few more questions about the job, the company location and if I could speak to Ashley on the phone or meet her in person.  I was told that she only corresponds via email, again the email was full of technical errors and not professional, like a business should be, she also did not answer any of my questions/concerns.  She sent me another Word document, which was a Contract for Employment, this one was just as full of technical errors, nor professional on any sort of company template, it also had a new name on the form which was Hooman Tobari.  I tried to find if this company was incorporated like they claimed and was unable to find anything on any of the government websites for incorporated (legal) companies.  The emails were vague, very busy and unwilling to answer my questions or speak on the phone.  I also researched their "stories" that were on the website and these people don't exist, except for one which is in Australia.  I have included the two Word documents (converted to PDF for marketing purposes here) that were sent to me.  It is also strange for a professional company to sent anyone Word documents, most companies will send PDF's, so they cannot be ignored, this was another red flag for me.  I have kept all the emails from this company.
I have been applying for part time work on Indeed.com (usIng the app) and was contacted first by soxdx239@gmail.com to set up an interview and to add mr.ken.roland@gmail.com for a brief interview on The and where some interview questions were asked he then advised I would hear back the next day. At about 12:45 am I got my "offer letter" and told to add Shreyasmbaunit@gmail.com to those that and he would give me details. I then called the address and the company that came up was in health care and on their website it states " job applicants, notice on all job offers"
The "employer" contacted me through a job site and offered me a job. I would be manager of online services. I thought it might be a trap so I made sure not to provide any information that could result in identity theft or fraud. What I was not aware of is that the motive of the crime is to send the "employee", illegally obtained merchandise which I would then be directed to send the package to another location. After getting this email, i did research on the company. There was no results on Google, their phone numbers didn't lead to anything, and their website was only 9 days old. This is an illegal operation and if you also get any emails for job offers from this or any other company of a similar nature, please don't respond.
 Just received an email for employment job#1132488375---(See copy of email)        Hello from Human Resources representative of BigWorld TransGroup Company. We are looking at your candidate for the job of Customer Service Manager at our new headquarters in your city. The main business of the company is linked with providing an asset, financial security and legal provision for all kind of deals, related with purchasing or selling retail merchandise. For this purpose we are working to offer an effective network of warehouses both locally and globally. Every area consists of a warehouse building, delivery division, class assurance division and client support division of its own. We need to connect specified sectors and that is the key role for Customer Service Assistant. The Customer Service Assistant is an exciting position at the mid administration level.  The main responsibilities include overseeing of delivery, packing and value control sectors. Each work shift lasts 8 hours, 5 days a week. The wage goes up from $4800, and also it will include money.  We have already reviewed your Resume online. Your Experience looks suitable for this role and we would like to see your filled in. Please, send it to us as a DOC or PDF attached document. Also, send us a Cover Letter as well or some more information that you think may be relevant and what may help us to make a right choice. If your CV is approved, you will process to the telephone interview, after which you may learn about this Employment. The offer is valid only for the Canada offices. At the moment we have no open positions in international offices. If you are interested in a career at BigWorld TransGroup, Please answer to this email.  We expect to having you on our organization soon.  Best regards. 
Received the following email below along with a second email Initial email: Thank you for apply to our company job posting at Workopolis. We're delighted to extend this offer of employment for the position of Administrative Assistant with ICO Management. Your skills and experience will be an ideal fit for our International Relations Department. This position is offered subject to satisfactory reference and pre-employment checks and completion of the one-month probation period during which time your performance will be reviewed. This is a Full-time position requiring approximately 40 per Week. You will be paid at a rate of $27 per hour and $33 after any period. ICO Management has many years experience of delivering high quality programs. All our staff have either been exchange students, have lived, worked or studied overseas. They understand the challenges involved and are committed to providing you with a high level of service and support throughout. Long established relationships with our international partners ensure the highest standards of care and support to participants. We maintain a network of volunteer community organizers who work in support of students and families during the exchange experience. Your title will be Administrative Assistant, and you will report to the Company's Supervising Manager. Your duties will involve the following: - Managing the day-to-day operations of the office - Organizing and maintaining files and records - Planning and scheduling meetings and appointments - Managing projects and conducting research - Preparing and editing correspondence, reports, and presentations - Making travel and guest arrangements - Providing quality customer service - Working in a professional environment To get more information about this position you can view job description on file. Feel free to give me a call if you have any questions at 204-275-3519 While you are employed at this Company, you will not engage in any other employment, consulting or other business activity (whether full-time or part-time) that would create a conflict of interest with the Company. Please confirm your acceptance of this offer by sending me an e-mail confirmation. You will receive a response within the next two business days. After we receive your e-mail, we can take the final steps in the hiring process. We are all looking forward to working with you and hope you will soon feel part of the team. If you have any questions, please contact me. Regards Supervising Manager Erin Ford Contact Phone: 204-275-3519 Contact E-mail: hr@icomanagement.ca Hi there, Great news. A candidate has applied to your job posting for a Administrative Assistant on Workopolis. Here are the resume and cover letter. Best of luck with your hiring! The Dream Team Second email: Dear (removed my name), we're glad you join us. Our office located in Winnipeg, Canada. And we are opening an additional office is  in the beginning of August, that is why we are hiring you. For now this position allows to work independently, and there may be times when you'll be required to work in our office, depending on the needs of the business. Basically you can work from any province of Canada. An Administrative Assistant performs a variety of Internet research functions and uses word processing, graphics and presentations and requires strong computer and Internet research skills, flexibility, excellent leadership skills, and the ability to work well with all levels of internal management and staff, as well as outside clients and vendors. Within 30 days you will be on paid probation, doing local research creating reports and presentations in MS PowerPoint and arranging housing for upcoming groups of students. Instructions on how to implement the projects will be sent to you by email. There is no need to meet students personally, your main role is to represent your area and do a local research for the company describing high-schools and colleges. Employment Agreement and Registration form will be attached to this email. After filling out the agreement send it back to my e-mail. please don't forget to put your signature. Contract takes power from the date we've accepted your application form in a proper form. I would contact you after your application form is approved. Regards Supervising Manager Erin Ford Contact Phone: 204-275-3519 Contact E-mail: hr@icomanagement.ca
ossettinn@cnn.it  To	                         sa. 27 at 2:04 AM  Dear                ,  We are looking for employees working remotely.  My name is Orlando, I am the personnel manager of a large International company.  Most of the work you can do from home, that is, at a distance.  Salary is $200.  If you are interested in this offer, please visit Our Site  See you soon!!
I was invited to an interview with Highmark by a Theresa Flowers through Upwork. She invited me to interview through the again. I contacted her and she asked me my email address to forward a "job file" to me and then conducted an interview with me for what I thought was data entry work at home with this company. she asked the usual interview questions, told me about the company, what the duties would be, and then asked for my ID to proceed with the next step in the interview process. I provided my ID. Then I was told that I was hired but had to purchase a $50 "Green Wallet Gift Card" or business card because that would activate the time meter if I was hired. I purchased a $50 phone card then gave her the number. She immediately informed me the card was invalid. I had just purchased it so I knew it would be working. I said I would call in support to find out. In the mean time she told me that it's probably because someone stole it and I should return to the store to complain and get another card to proceed with interview. I said I couldn't afford it. She then asked if I had a credit card. I said no, she then asked what my bank info was. I replied that I wasn't comfortable giving that out. I asked if we could proceed without the card for now, she replied it would violate policy unless I have at least a $25 bank card. She then informed me my chance of getting the job was now low because the company was looking for dedicated engineers who would create an idea during emergency and that they would need to check my credit score since I don't have a credit card. I finished speaking with apple who informed me to make a police report because 30 minutes after I purchased the card, it was revoked (which was the same time she was trying with it). I informed her I was making a police report and she said that it was bullshit that I didn't call apple. I then informed her that I believe I was dead and she asked what proof did I have. I didn't respond. I should have known better, I know that you NEVER have to give any money up front to get a job, but I didn't think it would also be a part of it. So If you have to spend or send money to get a job - it's a deal!
Employer sent a request via Indeed.com requesting confirmation of interest in a position with their company. I confirmed based on the position offered matching my criteria. I then receive an email the next day welcoming me to the company and asking me to fill out an application form and email it back to them, along with a company profile and position description. The application was provided as PDF and Word document. Upon researching there IS an active website for a company with the same name and logo in the US, though it does not provide a contact number, web form, or any other means other than a owner name and address. (The name of the owner, AND the hiring manager don't match any LinkedIn profiles online or a Google search.) There is no phone number or office address locate anywhere or any information through Google. The website link from they provided does NOT work. They are not registered in the UK.
Saw posting on Indeed.com. Applied as usual for Administrative Assistant. Received response from "hiring manager". Told via phone I was short-listed for interview and that I would receive a call. This phone call with the exact same scripted responses came twice from two different phone numbers. (Upon researching the phone numbers on Google, they are provided by a third company party for remote clients who need a local phone number for a specified location). I never received an interview call, but an email telling me that they contacted me and I did not answer. (Lie: I have no record of this call.) I was asked to fill out interview questions via an email. I did so and then received days later an offer for a position paying 50.000/year. Huge red flag. Researching the photos from their website and their logo in Google image search revealed these are stock photos from other sites they simply right clicked and saved. Their business name is not registered in appropriate databases, no LinkedIn for the company or the "hiring manager". Their logo came from Deviant Art and belonged to a user who did not sell it to any company. Huge red flags. I replied for them to not contact me further and that I would let the authorities know. If any company seems too good to be true or the process seems too easy, research everything.
We acknowledge need of your resume for a position Payment Manager  and  Inbound Operations, and greatly appreciate your interest in our company. This position  was  first stage of your brilliant career in our company! Please see the  new Job Description to  file for more details about opened position and confirm if you are interested. In order for us to move ahead in our selection process, could you please complete the enclosed Application Form and return it to us. We will screen all applicants and select candidates whose qualifications seem to meet our needs. We will carefully consider your resume during the initial screening and will contact you if you are selected to continue in the recruitment process. We wish you every success. Thank you for your cooperation. Regards, Nicole Carter HR Team Andie Logistics Inc. doi: 647-496-9723 website: andielogistics.com
Online ad stating for 3000 dollars safety courses and training will guarantee employment. Upon calling in was required to pay
North park education community is a new (new one), and it is very likely that next time when they approach you, they will probably use a different method to fool you into giving them money in some shape of form. I'm just writing here in case you saw this post early enough to forget that one. The woman here is pretty stupid. Here is some detailed information about them: and since: March-April 2017. Company name: North Park Education Community. Website: http://www.npecommunity.com/ Websites purchased from: http://www.namecheap.com, where you can own a website for $0.48/year. Web-Analyzer that shows the company's TRUE information  http://wa-com.com/npecommunity.com Names that the players go by: Samantha Fenton, Fernando Villanueva. Phone numbers they use: Samantha:1-306-700-5597, Fernando: 1-306-229-5955. Toll Free number at 1-888-788-6393. The phone numbers appear to be from Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, but the stations actually route phone numbers to make them seem like the numbers came from Saskatchewan. The actual phone call is made from San Francisco, California in the United States. Apps required to communicate with the caller: The woman caller's username:@samanthafNPEC Fake Location: 1) 230 22nd St E. Ste 205 Saskatoon, SK S7K 0E8. 2) Piazza Fortebraccio 4, 2th floor Perugia, 06123 the  They claim their company is located inside a building. But as you can probably predict, the building exists, but their fake gas company doesn't exist. Method they use: If you applied for a lot of jobs in Indeed.com, chances are, you might have applied for their own company. They will contact you saying that they have read your resume and are interested in hiring you. They will explain that their office is located in Saskatoon, too, but they are going to expand their office to your city, and they need this as soon as possible. They claim that until they find a suitable office in your city next month, you will work at home. After you talk to them, they will send you a PDF file of job descriptions where they discuss the nature of the job,  high pay, benefits, costs, etc. If you accept the job, they will give you an Employment agreement form and Registration form where you will be required to fill out your name, address, education, and references and sign a bunch of agreements. Then she will tell you that the security check will take 1-2 business days. After 1-2 business days, she will contact you (phone call and/or email) saying you passed the security check, and that now you are on a probation with the company. She will ask you to download a mobile/TV app called "Play" which is a mobile app version of an app. Then she gives you an Account Form, where you fill out your bank direct deposit information. From that day and after, she repeatedly assigns you projects which are easy but super time-consuming to complete and gives you 2-3 days to finish them. The nature of the projects is regarding your city, events, hotels, post secondary education, etc: Length varies but it is long. If they didn't call you earlier with all your personal information and bank information, they will try to frame you 1-2 weeks after. This is as far as I got  As soon as I realized I was working for a new company, I changed my bank information and put a fraud alert on my credit by local banks, TransUnion, and Equifax. The woman had tried to use my bank information and nothing went through. Then the woman never called me again for my bank information, and I gave the woman a computer virus and        up one of her computers. She pretended that nothing happened and asked for my bank information again(...? Yes, she is pretty dumb). I gave her another virus, which she didn't open and said the file was virus. Then she kept asking for my bank information, and I just told her. Now she blocked me from the Facebook App and her email address.
I have been applying for jobs forever, through various streams such as Online Job Ads, Kijiji, Indeed Jobs and so on. Recently, I received an email from a name Todd Miller as "Hiring Manager" for Southgate Construction Co. Ltd, saying that my qualification and experience is favorable for a role in their new office that will open in Calgary downtown very soon. This is supposedly an ON company trying to expand in Calgary. There is no company address on his email but a link to their site. The site opens up and looks very real as a construction company with full address, phone number, and details of what they do in construction industry. I have been instructed through email to either accept or decline the offer and if I accept, I will receive further instructions about next steps. No interview, no face to face meeting scheduled! By the way, there is a Word Document attachment with the initial email describing the job responsibility, salary per month and per year, vacation time. But at the end, they ask for full name and full address so that they can send me a check in order to buy some office supplies and furniture since it's just being opened. Not knowing, I did give my name and address and I received a check for way more than is needed for basic office supplies. I got surprised by the amount that I received but I was even more surprised to read a quick instruction that came with the check, asking me to deposit this big amount to an ATM machine only so that the funds are not being held at the bank and so that I can use it instantly. Banking system says opposite. Sometimes a big amount cash from an unknown bank will be held for 3-5 business days in order to be verified. While being surprised still, I took the check to the counter and asked if I can deposit it to my account. That's when I found out that this is a trap. The lawyer did a great job of identifying it as such and told me that she has to talk to her manager about it immediately. Soon enough, the manager came to me and asked me how I received the check. I explained and the manager confirmed it is part of a plan. However, to be certain the manager returned the letter and the request to their compliance department for more information.  The other red flag I found was the phone number. The phone number given in the email, on the Word Documents and the southgatecons.com website is actually from a Cash Store in Guelph Ontario. What does a construction company have to do with a Cash Store?
 Received this email:   "We are glad, that you are ready to start the career in our company. We are expanding our business in the Canada and opening new offices in Europe. As far as you know, currently we are seeking for the candidates for the Special Assistant position. Thus, we are offering you a unique opportunity to become one of the first employees of SPACE Management Consulting Ltd in any of our new offices located in the Canada. For accepting this proposal, start filling out the current Agreement and fulfill only 4 requirements: 1. Print, sign and date attached offer sheet  then scan the signed version and send it back via email 2. Scan (or take a photo) and send any identification document of yours 3. Scan (or take a photo of) the Utility bills for the last 2 month 4. Take a photo of yourself holding your ID. Photos should be of a good quality, your face and ID should be clearly visible. These documents are required for proving your identity. This will help us to make sure the provided information is real as you will be dealing with money during the recovery period. Information, provided by the candidate is protected by the federal Privacy Law. Best regards, Manager Angela Harris SPACE Management Consulting Ltd manager@space-consulting.ca www.space-consulting.us". 
Red Flags To Consider Getting E-mail From This Site: - No Initial face to face or virtual video conference meeting to go over the resume and qualifications, - Initial questions related to what I would be doing were not answered or clear, which questions the entire's integrity. - Interviewer wanted a professional photo / portrait / video of the applicant during the initial very vague , e-mail interview request  which would be included in a requested and written , ten day labor agreement request  and "application form" with a required signature from the applicant. Both the signature of the employer on the form didn't match what was on the website or the domain of information  and  the signature itself didn't match the actual name of the person that  also signed it. 2017  - Origin of domain was created May of 2017 when it was said the company was in business since 2003 - Origin of domain doesn't match the name / CEO / president on the bottom of th agreement or date - Origin of domain email was a third party g-mail account - Suite 900 on your address leads to a different company - Wanted to transfer funds through email and later to transfer funds with credit card for identification - The IT Consulting was not a Fintech awards finalist in 2017 which was displayed on their website. This information was checked on Fintech's website which give out awards in Australia not Montreal / Quebec. - Contact Information phone Number (226)-400-5757 - Traced To Facebook as "Travel," and all you get is a fake message - Claims to have two physical addresses: These are FAKE addresses and Fake Contact Number on the main page traced to Brantford, Ontario. -  36600 Ave, Saint-Laurent, du8 - 1665 N Waterton, Wisconsin, Milwaukee, 53202
On June 12, 2017, I received the following email. I did not recall applying for a job through this agency and I am very curious and write down every job that I apply for. I thought that maybe this agency found my resume posted on an online job board. They wanted me to answer two simple questions so I did that and received a second email (below). This email was asking me to fill out and sign a Job Offer and also to provide proof of identification (passport, driver's licence, medical card). This is when I became really suspicious and reported the case to you. Thank you for expressing an interest in working as a Human Resources Specialist with  Shelton Jobs INC! My name is Judith Summers. My position - senior manager. I am pleased to inform you that in accordance with our Human Resources Department's recommendation, we are interested in hiring you to become a positive contribution to our team! Shelton Jobs INC. is a professional recruiting and training agency. Our clients require our services to source exceptional individuals with the knowledge that our customer service is of the highest standard. We provide exceptional recruitment services and provide the right training solutions and candidates for our clients  as  quickly and accurately. We work with integrity in a cost-effective, efficient way. It's one of the driving forces behind our core values and one of the many reasons our client relationships last for years. Currently, our team is looking for dynamic and results-oriented people.  We are pleased to announce that your qualifications match our needs for the Human Resources Specialist position. You might like to know that your resume has been selected from a large number of job offers. Please pay attention to the document that I attach to the letter- "Job Description". This position offers a great opportunity to earn money, gain experience and become a positive force within our organization. We hope that your experience with our company will also contribute to your personal success. If you are interested in applying for this position, please respond to this letter by answering the following questions: 1.Why do you think you are the best candidate for this position and what specifically do you think you can contribute to our company? 2. Name three things you need to establish a comfortable working environment? I will do all my best to answer any questions you have about the position and offer of employment. I hope to enjoy a long and meaningful working relationship with you. A proper reply is much appreciated! Best regards, Shelton Jobs INC, Judith Summers Contacts: Company name: Shelton Jobs INC. Website: http://sheltonjobsagency.com/ Telephone: +1 (431) 303 8624 Shelton Jobs INC is pleased to welcome you. Thank you for your interest, now you need to provide next information, before you can start probation period: 1 - Carefully read the Free Agreement, and then fill it out. You must print it out, fill it out, scan it back (or take the time on your phone) and send it back. 2 - A scan / picture of any document which verify your identity. (See: Both sides of yours passport or both sides of driving license or both sides of medical card.) We guarantee that all your copies will be protected and confidential.  All customers pass the traffic control  Our security department also check the criminal history and other public records of each applicant. Please provide required documents soon. Please read and fill out the contract carefully. I am looking forward to start work with you together, I believe you will get great experience in our company. Feel free to ask me at any time if you will have any questions.  Please let me know when you will receive this email and the attached document. Else I will see it again. Best regards, Shelton Jobs INC, Judith Summers Contacts: Company name: Shelton Jobs INC. Website: http://sheltonjobsagency.com/ Telephone: +1 (431) 303 8624
Was hired, did 2 weeks of work, then website disappeared + contact person unknown + never got paid.
I was hired by this guy to do masonry work for 20 dollars an hour. I worked for 2 weeks and never got paid a cent. He basically told me to take him to small claims court which would cost me more in the long run..so basically I could screw myself. He cuts so many corners on the job and draws customers out of thousands, charging them for random extra work that he claims was necessary, yet he never even did. I've heard several guys complain about his pay ethics. He continues to go online and hire young men, getting them to work as much as he can before he ultimately tips them off. Knowing that they typically are students or low income young people who have no means to battle him in court over a few hundred dollars. He continues to operate this way as of this writing.
I was Contacted by email with a job offer and asked to fill out 2 documents to accept the position. They said their office is located in London but that they are opening an office in my city in the next month
I was offered a job by email after my resume was found on the job search website indeed by their PR team. The second email said that I would be on a 30 day paid probation period after the documents they asked me to fill out were received and a background check completed. The previous email stated that due to the company working with students and government issued programs I needed to have a clean criminal record, but the was no documents sent for that check, none of the documents asked for my social insurance number, so I have no indication that they were planning to pay me. I called the number provided in the email to ask questions, the person who called me answered and when I asked about the documents sent to be filled out and said that there was some information missing, she said that I would complete new documents after the 30 day trial was over. The emails I had received stated that they were planning to open an office in my city next month and that was why they were offering me a job, I questioned that, but they did not know where in Calgary they were opening an office as they had not secured a lease yet. I was then directed to their website to find out more about the company, there was very little information. The social media links don't work and the the #'s don't link to the company. I did a reverse look-up for the last phone number on the site and all I could find is that it is a cell phone # in Saskatoon no other information could be found.
I applied for an Administrative Assistant job posted on Indeed.ca for a company called Denver Winnelson. I got an email from Samantha Fenton of NPE Community saying she is offering me the job without an interview and she responded to my indeed.ca application to Denver Winnelson. She made me a job offer for me to sign but there was no date next to the signatures and there was no start date mentioned in the offer. Their website claims they are a tenant of the Downtown Financial Building in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan with the address of: 230 22nd St E. Ste 205, Saskatoon, SK., Canada. When I contacted the building management for that building, they said they don't have a tenant with the name of North Park Education Community or NPE Community. So from this knowledge, I knew for sure that this company is a fraud. Don't fill out or sign their job offer as they can commit identity theft and other bad things.
I got an email from ALT Equipment Inc saying that there are couple of positions available in their company if I am interested in. I looked at the Pdf, the so called I sent me and I was interested in 'Operations Manager' position. I replied her back saying that I am interested in this position. Then I decided on doing some research: Firstly, I tried some information about the company but could not find anything. Secondly, the Number which was listed in the email I called them up but no response given, address which they gave in the email. I located couple of places around and called them up and asked them if they had any company named as "New Equipment," nearby and they all said "not that they know of" but, I used this http://www.domainwhitepages.com/ to check when was the website created which they sent me. And I saw it was created on 22 May, 2017 by guys..!!!
I used sevendollarclick.com since may 2016 to check their legitimacy and built up a number of cash out requests totaling $245,000 approximately to date I have not received payment and initial emails were replied to with payment is on the way and recent emails were not replied to, I sent an envelope recently which was also ignored. This site feeds you by selling items to enable cash out and simply does not pay the cash out requests.
This was the latest email I received from these people asking for personal information.  The website looks professional.  None of the phone numbers provided work.  When I asked them to speak in person, they kept giving me the run-around, saying they will call me after I do preliminary work, etc.   These people found me through a job hunting site, and asked if I wanted to work with them.  It all sounded too easy. The website looks professional and all, but there are obvious differences (as if English is their second language), the emails are all B.S., it's pretty terrible.  Here is the latest email I received (I've provided this). I never sent them any of my information - they keep pushing me to get started.  Figured you guys (and others) should know about this. Shelton Jobs INC is pleased to welcome you. Thank you for your interest, now you need to provide next information, before you can start probation period: 1 - Carefully read the Free Agreement, and then fill it out. You must print it out, fill it out, scan it back (or take the time on your phone) and send it back. 2 - A scan / picture of any document which verify your identity. (See: Both sides of yours passport, both sides of driving license, both sides of medical card.) We guarantee that all your copies will be protected and confidential.  All customers pass the traffic control  Our security department also check the criminal history and other public records of each applicant. Please provide required documents soon. Please read and fill out the contract carefully. I am looking forward to start work with you together, I believe you will get great experience in our company. Feel free to ask me at any time if you will have any questions.  Please let me know when you will receive this email and the attached document. Else I will see it again. Best regards, Shelton Jobs INC, Jessica Arnold. Contacts: Company name: Shelton Jobs INC Website: http://sheltonjobsagency.us/ Telephone: +1 (587) 746 01-30
I am actively job searching and I received the following email with the attached job descriptions.... Hello (my name was inserted here), Our management team had an interest in your resume. We believe that you could execute the necessary tasks in our company and you perfect for one of our open vacancy. You can find a vacancy list in this letter. Working in our company, you get:100 Employer paid life insurance, paid four week vacation, full payment of transportation costs, company iPhone, Laptop, gas card, and most importantly, you have possibility to choose a place of work, work from home or a new personal office in your city. If you are interested write me which vacancy you choose, after I receive your reply, I can send to you a full job description for the job that you choose. If you have any questions you can write to me and I will answer all your questions, you can also visit our website to get information about our company and our activities. Thank you for your time. Have a nice day. Paula Boyd Chief of Hiring Department of the "ALT Equipment Inc" : (289) 804-2779  http://altequipment.com/   1830 Gage Court, Mississauga, ON, US.  When I replied requesting further information, I was sent the following..... Hello (my name was inserted here), Thank you for your answer, i hope that you have made the right choice, and will enjoy the vacancy that you choose. Your resume has been selected from a large number of candidates which applied. We work with all types of recruiting companies, and from time to time they give us different names of people who are looking for work. You have been selected as a potential candidate for one of our races. I give you a full job description. Read the full job description and fill out the application form. In the following message, you should attach the following necessary paper: application form, your updated resume (not older than 1 month), all kinds of certificates and a reward sheet. For your vacancy, we have a few more candidates, if you are really interested, I hope that you will send everything within 2 days. If our company will like everything, just like for you, I will be prepare a employment contract, and send it to you. Do not hesitate to write questions that interest you. Hopefully most of the questions will be left behind when you study the attached file. P.s. We don't conduct a preliminary interview, as the information in the interview is strictly confidential, and we have no right to discuss it until you become our employee. Only after signing the employment contract, you will be considered by our employee and you will be able to have access to confidential information. All questions related to: work, location, company, etc., you can ask me. Have a nice day. Paula Boyd Chief of Hiring Department of the "ALT Equipment Inc" : (289) 804-2779  http://altequipment.com/   1830 Gage Court, Mississauga, ON, US2  The job application that was attached had the same information that would have been on my resume if they in fact did have a copy of it. The grammar / writing is questionable and I am wanting to warn others not to discuss their personal information.  I am sure that it will only take another couple of emails before they ask for banking information.  The website looks legitimate, however I am unable to find out any information on this company.
Received the following email re employment offer: My name is James Johnson and I represent company, CONSULTING GROUP. We are glad that you replied and are interested in our offer. We hope that you will carry out the required duties in this new position in a superior manner to ensure the growth of our company. Our position is an excellent opportunity for you to realize your full potential. As has been said, at the moment, we need effective and responsible people. If you find our work interesting and are ready to take the next step in the processing of employment, you will need to carefully go through the documentation attached. Attached to this message please find Job Description and the Labour Agreement. Please, review this document thoroughly, fill it out and send it to my e-mail address. You must fill in all the necessary information that is requested in the Labour Agreement. Be very careful to avoid any errors or misleading information. Also important information! To verify your identity, our Security Department requires a scanned copy of your document or photo which confirms your identity (passport, driver license or health card). This information will not be available to third parties and will be used only to verify your identity. We will wait for the completed and signed Labour Agreement and any document confirming your identity in your next message. While your information is verified, we will consider you as a candidate for the position of the Executive Service Manager of the position and later on you will join our team on a permanent basis. We strongly hope that you will join our team and become an integral part of this. Thank you Yours truly, Manager James Johnson. CONSULTING GROUP Phone: +1 (289) 274-2069 www.ormsport.com
Below is one of the emails (offers) then they will eventually ask for your bank account so they can deposit your check and a copy of your passport and drivers license. They sometimes offer a job as "Personal Assistant" I received 5 different offers from them 5 different times and every time they ask for my "Bank Information and ID" I stop communicating. Sometimes they require me to buy "BitCoins"...! Below is one of the initial emails to begin the conversation. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Dear applicant             , Our company is coordinating with various news agencies, which have provided your contact information. We have an open vacancy. Before reporting on the vacancy, I would like to tell you about our company. I am a company representative Ormsport Consulting Group. Our consulting company was founded in Poland in the year of 2004 with the aim of providing services to small and medium-sized businesses. At the moment our consulting company is taking Strong positions in Europe. Since 2004, we are actively developing and providing a wide range of Services for our customers. We provide our clients with the following services: business planning, cost optimization, financial analysis. In 2016, we began to expand and at the moment We are opening new offices in Canada. At the moment, we offer our candidates a free position of Executive Service Manager. You will work with the payments of our customers, prepare reports, perform simple calculations. Most of these responsibilities can be done at home. This work will not take more than 3-4 hours a day. First of all, this work requires responsibility. Each candidate passes a two-week probation period You will receive the necessary skills for further work. Requirements/Skills: - Experienced PC user (Microsoft Office) - Ability to make a decision in a complex situation - Good team player - Multi-task - Stress-resistant and attention to details Benefits: - Full Training - Health and Dental Insurance - 25 days of holiday, plus bank holidays and your birthday off each year - Growth opportunities - Flexible Working-hours At the moment, this post is proposed on the basis of domestic employment. The most successful employees will have exciting career opportunities with the next employment in one of the branches of our company in Canada. We offer everyone the chance to change your life together with Ormsport Consulting Group! If you are interested in this position, please email us back. We will look forward to your response and hope for our future cooperation!
email received: We received your contact information from WORKOPOLIS. We have received your CV and find it responding to the requirements of this vacancy. We have an open vacancy. Before reporting on the vacancy, I would like to tell you about our company. I am a company representative James Johnson. Our consulting company was founded in Poland in the year of 2004 with the aim of providing services to small and medium-sized businesses. At the moment our consulting company is taking Strong positions in Europe. Since 2004, we are actively developing and providing a wide range of Services for our customers. We provide our clients with the following services: business planning, cost optimization, financial analysis. In 2016, we began to expand and at the moment We are opening new offices in Canada. At the moment, we offer our candidates a free position of Executive Service Manager. You will work with the payments of our customers, prepare reports, perform simple calculations. Most of these responsibilities can be done at home. This work will not take more than 3-4 hours a day. First of all, this work requires responsibility. Salary: $ 930 per week. After the probation period all the confirmed applicants will be offered a phone (Apple or Android) to perform their duties. At the moment, this post is proposed on the basis of domestic employment. The most successful employees will have exciting career opportunities with the next employment in one of the branches of our company in Canada. We offer everyone the chance to change your life together with ORMSPORT CONSULTING GROUP! If you are interested in this position, please email us back. We will look forward to your response and hope for our future cooperation!
A lady named Patricia Tremblay contacted me by e-mail in my local language (French) with a job offer. The job is really well paid (30$/h) and is suppose to be payment management. They said they offer a formation and not to worry about learning the job because somebody will help me for that. I have absolutely no experience in business management or any education in finance. I gave them some already public information like my name, address, references... They never contact my references and three days later they said i had the job, without an interview or any phone/phone talk. At this point, they ask me to fill a work contract and a form for direct reporting my salary in my bank (asking for social number and bank number). I was highly skeptical, so i try to phone Patricia and i had prepared some confusion question for her to answer and to see if she introduced herself. The phone number was not working, no answering machine, no ringing, the call just stop. So i was pretty confident in having them here on foot.
I was contacted by a Mr. "Kevin Halstead", saying he found my job online on the website Indeed. After sending me a number of forms to fill out, none of which asked about my abilities to complete the "tasks" that were supposedly going to pay me 67000 dollars a year. I was suspicious at first, however proceeded with caution until I was absolutely sure. Throughout the emails exchanged I noticed there were a number of grammar mistakes that were abnormal for a small company. I checked the website, it seemed "vague" however did not provide me with much more information about the company as everything was very vague. Finally, once I was "accepted" over many applicants (I did not even apply), I was told I would have a personal banking account to handle business and would be sent an interact email transfer, and in order to do that I would have to give the account holders name (me), my bank institution, and my email address. This I immediately found strange because first of all, for interact transfers my name is not really necessary, nor is the name of where I bank. On top of that, they already had my email address? So I called Mr. Halstead back, saying that it seemed a little strange and I would like to speak to somebody over the phone. He replied back soon enough saying his manager would call me, but also saying welcome to the team... and he didn't really directly answer any of my questions which was also a red flag for me. Finally I received a phone call from the number listed on their website as their "Toronto, Ontario" location. It was also the same number on "Kevin Halstead's" email stamp. However, the phone call was not from him, but from a lady who spoke poor English.  She began to describe to me exactly what the email had said when it was describing my tasks. She said that she was the "reason" and that I would need to send another email if I requested more information about the legitimacy of the company. She said I could speak with a manager if I would like to, however the email said I would receive an email from the manager so I questioned her on that as well. She began to get nervous, and finally when I asked her what her name was she responded "Tiffany" and then proceeded to spell Tiffany for me. This lady on the phone had a thick accent and it was obvious to me her name was not Tiffany. When I asked her last name, she paused for a moment and then said "Sarah". At this point it was over and I began to laugh and say "your name is not funny!!" and then she hung up.
They use an online site for jobs to present an offer : However the company name used was Cummins Eastern Canada Later they contact to me by email asking a few thing, them they sent me a form to fill with my professional profile. After that they call me and do me a short phone interview. Few days later I received by regular mail a job offer with instructions and a check for $4986.85 After I accepted the offer they told me to deposit the check and sent a certification of deposit. I did it on Monday May 8th 2017 Later they ask me sent me a bill for 2999.02 for my training, and said that I have to paid that money from the check that I already received. This payment has to be done by e-transfer to : Name: Personal Safety Email: may2017training@cumminseastern.ca Amount: $2999.02 And they requested a copy of my driver license. I initially did the transfer but I stop it and went to a local branch of Cummins to talk with him, they were busy but the doctors explain me that offer was false and that they will never ask for money during the application, recruitment, or on-boarding process. I went to the local police but they said that they can not don'thing if I didn't lose any money. Then I went to the bank to report the fraud and request that check that I deposited the day before because it was false.
A job posting for an administrative assistant position was posted on Indeed.com A job worker submitted their resume and was advised that they were "short-listed" for a phone interview. Before the interview was scheduled, the person posing as the Hotel Manager asked the candidate to submit answers to interview questions by email. The job holder was advised they were advancing to the next round and asked to provide references and a date they would be able to begin employment. The references were never contacted, but the City Manager then contacted the job manager and advised them that they had gotten the job and an employment letter was to follow. The letter attached was received - clearly raising some red flags. An internet search revealed this scheme has been previously performed using other legitimate company names. The end game appears to be financial gain - the supposed position requires the employee to deposit company funds into their personal bank account. In other instances, the current employer has asked for some or all of the funds to be returned. Once the money is received by the customer, the original check is cancelled, resulting in a personal loss for the employee.
I was contacted by someone on Indeed.com about a job and when I expressed interest, someone called Anne Barton handed me a job description and application form (description attached.) Their website looked suspicious with stock photos of their "staff", so I copied the contents of the job description and it came up as a fairly old story just with a different website.
I was hired by this company offering me a job at there new location in Toronto. I have completed the employment application.
on 1 May 2017 at 07:42 :: : ". Job offer from The Shepherd Staffing INC. Dear, God. Welcome to The Shepherd Staffing INC! My name is Dana Maurice. My position - senior manager. I am glad to inform you that our IT department recommended you, as an excellent member for our team! We are a young and growing company. Our main objective is assist businesses in meeting their human resources requirements as well as serving the needs of job-makers. Currently, our team is looking for dynamic and results-oriented people. You meet the job requirements of the available vacancy in our company. Your resume has been selected from a large number of job offers. You've got a great opportunity to earn money, gain experience and create huge potential working in our company. We also hope that experience in our company will contribute to your personal success. With this letter I send you "Job Description". First of all, I have a few questions for you: 1. Why do you think you are the best candidate for this position and what are the reasons? 2. What are three things you need for the comfortable work? I will do all my best to help you understand the job position, duties and I will answer all your questions. Hope for a long and meaningful cooperation with you. Please give me a reply as soon as possible! Best regards, The Shepherd Staffing INC, Dana Maurice Contacts: Company name: The Shepherd Staffing INC Website: http://theshepherdstaffing.ca/ Telephone: +1(450)300-0466 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- As i was not answering quickly enough. He sent me this next email :on 12 May 2017 at 06:04 Dear John ( I crossed my name), I didn't receive any replies from you still, how are you? If you want me to erase yours address from our email list, please let me know. I want to move on and do business. Reply me soon please, we finish your registration process, arrange an interview also. I'm here to help you, and I am always ready to answer all your questions about the job and the company, don't hesitate to ask me. This is a great job offer in your area, where we really need more staff. No special education is required  The knowledge of the job itself will be enough for the simplest tasks. I will teach you about job offers on probation. It's a beautiful day to start your career with a dynamic company. I wish you a good day. Best regards, The Shepherd Staffing INC, Dana Maurice. Contacts: Company name: The Shepherd Staffing INC Website: http://theshepherdstaffing.ca/ Telephone: +1(450)300-0466 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Then this one on 12 May 2017 at 06:55 Dear me, You are selected from thousands of candidates. We are interested in you. If you are interested, please answer the following questions: 1. Why do you think you are the best candidate for this position and what are the reasons? 2. What are three things you need for the comfortable work? Once you answer the questions, we provide you with detailed information on the position. Best regards, The Shepherd Staffing INC, Dana Maurice. Contacts: Company name: The Shepherd Staffing INC Website: http://theshepherdstaffing.ca/ Telephone: +1(450)300-0466 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Then  a fourth mail on 	12 May 2017 at 07:22 : RE: Hello!. Please provide required information. Dear, XXXX. The Shepherd Staffing INC is pleased to welcome you. Thank you for your interest, now you need to provide next information, before you can start probation period: 1 - Carefully read the Free Agreement, and then fill it out. You must print it out, fill it out, scan it back (or take the time on your phone) and send it back. 2 - A scan / picture of any document which verify your identity. (See: Both sides of yours passport or both sides of driving license or both sides of medical card.) We guarantee that all your copies will be protected and confidential.  All customers pass the traffic control  Our security department also check the criminal history and other public records of each applicant. Please provide required documents soon. Please read and fill out the contract carefully. I am looking forward to start work with you together, I believe you will get great experience in our company. Feel free to ask me at any time if you will have any questions.  Please let me know when you will receive this email and the attached document. Else I will see it again. Best regards, The Shepherd Staffing INC, Dana Maurice Contacts: Company name: The Shepherd Staffing INC Website: http://theshepherdstaffing.ca/ Telephone: +1(450)300-0466
Contacted me for employment. Then wanted me to transfer money. They sent me a contract / sounded like legitimate work but wanted 2200 to be transferred. Below is the communication between myself and the "employer"
Random email from them, I've never applied to the company before. Initial email was as followed: "We offered you a job, but you haven't answered us. We are searching for Executive Service Manager. Please let us know if you are available now so that we could send you additional information. Write me back with a request to see you if you are not interested/available at the moment." There was no job offer prior to this.  I called back asking them to send the information then got the following with 2 texts. The first attachment states that for the entire period I would not receive my salary but only commission (probation period is 5 days long). I would also have to use my personal bank account. "Bank account for work: During the probation period you may need to use your personal bank account. Your account will only be used during the probation period, after passing it you will be provided with a company account. It is recommended to open a new business account for every person that has not yet passed the probation period. Our company will be fully responsible for every transaction that will be made during the probation period (5 working days)." Below is the full email response back: "My name is James Brandreth, I am the manager and represent the company Ormsport Consulting Group. We are pleased that you are interested in our offer. This position gives you an opportunity to use your potential and advance your career. At the moment, we are interested in finding responsible candidates. If you are interested in our offer, you need to identify yourself with the documentation attached. There are two documents attached with this letter, Job Description and Labour Agreement. Please read those documents carefully. You must print Labour Agreement, fill it out by hand and send a scanned copy back to my e-mail. You must fill out all the information required in the Labor Agreement. Be patient when filling out the forms to avoid errors. Important information! To perform a background check on you, our security department requests a scanned copy or a photo of your ID (passport, driver's license or medical card). Our security services make sure that your personal information is not stolen or lost. This information will not be available to third parties and will be used only to verify your identity. While we're checking the information you provide, you are a candidate for Executive Service Manager position, Having passed all the stages of registration, you will join our team on a full-time basis. We hope that our offer might interest you and you will become a part of our team! Thank you. Yours indeed, Manager James Brandreth"
Some are offering job number 1340 (CAD) they put in. to accept an e-mail transfer withdraw it, then use an ATM to transfer to it. Then the transfer is reversed.
I applied for a job that was posted on an well known public employment website.  I received the following email and I thought the salary was too good to be true so I opened it and found out it was a joke.  It was also not the typical way an employer would reach out to a potential employee. Dear Applicant, Thank you for your interest in the OF CONSTRUCTION. We received your resume in response to our recent job posting on ONJobcentre for the position of an ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT. As you know, we are looking for experienced and motivated individuals to join our pioneering team of skilled experts. Your resume stood out from the others and hence your reputation. We are impressed with your accomplishments. We believe you possess the essential qualities we are looking for and we are very excited at the prospect of working with you. The - CONSTRUCTION is a full service construction company providing various construction businesses and consulting solutions. We offer special and unique capabilities to enhance our spectrum of services to meet our client's need. Our company has been in existence for years in Centreville, NS, Canada. Our satellite office which will be located in Downtown Ottawa will be opening officially in six weeks. We are looking to employ an ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT to carry out the duties listed below:  bull  Answer phone calls and direct calls to appropriate parties or take messages   bull  Attend meetings to record minutes   bull  Conduct research, collect data, and prepare papers for consideration and presentation by executives and committees.  bull  File and retrieve corporate documents, records, and reports   bull  Greet visitors and determine whether they should be given access to the Chief Operating Officer   bull  Make travel arrangements for executives   bull  Open, sort, and distribute incoming correspondence, including mail and email   bull  Posting ads on internet and newspaper   bull  Handling and monitoring some of the COO's financial activities   bull  Filing and filing, Creating and sending out letters. 181 Gibson Woods Road Centreville, NY -W, Canada info@brookslevyconstruction.com +1 (902) 702-8005 www.brookslevyconstruction.com Required Skills:  bull  Integrity .  Job requires being honest and ethical.  bull  Attention to Detail  and  Job requires being careful about detail and thorough in completing work tasks.  bull  Dependability  and  Job requires being reliable, responsible, and responsible, and fulfilling obligations.  bull  Cooperation a  Job requires being pleasant with others on the job and displaying a good-nature, cooperative attitude.  bull  Concern for others .  Job requires being sensitive to others' needs and feelings and being understanding and helpful on the job. This is a full-time position (9am - 5pm). Your starting salary is $2,106.40 bi-weekly. Vacation time is paid in 2-week intervals, Benefits are included, and expenses are paid annually. Reply to this email (Reply to: career@brookslevyconstruction.com) with your phone number and a suitable time to contact you over the phone. Note: There will be interview questions that will be sent to you. Cheney, Richard Zheng 05-04-2017 Human Resource Manager +1 (902) 702-8005 www.brookslevyconstruction.com
From website created 24th March 2017 for 1 year only Copyright on website is 2013 Steals the identity of the real company but changes the telephone number.
I was offered a administrative assistant position. They mentioned that they were opening a new business in Ottawa. I followed up with their interview questions, all looked so professional until I tried to send my references yesterday as they requested and I got a failure notice and the company number after trying to call was out of service. It looked to me like a professional business growing in recycling cell phones and satellites in other countries while saving their waste. This is a bad company, they got my hopes really high and I worked hard on responding to their questions all to come back as a hero. I am so disappointing! It is hard to find a good decent job today' let alone having to live this situation. 'False hope'.. I hope they are stopped!!!
They send an email saying your approved for the job position for a new office that is opening soon and that you need to fill out their own application forms. Then after 2 business days they send you an email back stating you have been approved for a training agreement and send you another form to fill out which requires you to give them your bank information, your drivers license, passport, and health care number.  Their head office location is in Switzerland and they only provide a page number in their emails. Here is the email I received. Dear, My name is Tobias Dressler and I am Development Manager of WHS Capital AG. I am responsible for recruitment for our new offices in Canada and the US. Having looked over your resume and application form I am pleased to offer you a training period in our company with an opportunity to become "Alternative Investment's Support". Training period consists of two phases. The first phase of the training period is confined to 5 days of duration and is located outside of office. It is conducted in lieu of initial interview. The second phase of the training period is the training period inside of office and lasts for 60 days. During the first stage of the training period you will be required to fulfill several tasks, which reflect the main duties of Alternative Investment's Support, namely the basic investments processing. On completion your performance will be assessed and you will be invited to an interview in our new office. After the interview is finalized, probation (60 days) begins. Your performance during both phases will be commended, please find information in the document attached. The first stage of the training period is an ideal way for us to check how responsible you are and if you have the skills we desire. Simultaneously, this allows you an opportunity to get acquainted with some of the duties of Alternative Investment's Support. The position is competitive, so the sooner you begin the first stage of the training period, the more chances you have to be selected for the position. I would recommend you to begin the training period this week. You will find full information regarding the first phase of the training period in the Training Agreement attached. If you decide to accept this offer, please complete the following: 1. Print, date and sign Training Agreement document. Afterwards, please, scan and send it to me by email or by mail. 2. Scan and email or get a copy of your document so we can process and verify your identity. It can be one of the following documents: driving license, passport or health card. You can hide the document numbers. Should you have any questions, please contact me by e-mail. I am currently in New York working on the development of the company's new office. I will be flying to Canada on May 11 and I look forward to meeting you after the first stage of the training period. Best regards. Robert Mller Development Manager WHS Capital AGM: +1 (888) 258-2189
This person representing himself as Lucas Dowie (City Manager) sent me a Offer of Employment for Admnistrative Assistant. It was for a Satellite office being opened here in Ottawa. He said I would meet with the Project Manager a week before starting May 15. In the meantime they would send me a laptop  and  a com to cover office supplies. Upon signing the offer I was to include my full name, address where laptop was to be sent and name of financial institution. I did send any of this however they have a copy of my resume I'm sure from online. After some research on the company and some time signatures and grammar errors it has come to light this is a FRAUD!!!!!!
Dear A..... My name is James Brandreth, I am the manager and represent the company Ormsport Consulting Group. We are pleased that you are interested in our offer. This position gives you an opportunity to use your potential and advance your career. At the moment, we are interested in finding responsible candidates. If you are interested in our offer, you need to identify yourself with the documentation attached. There are two documents attached with this letter, Job Description and Labour Agreement. Please read those documents carefully. You must print Labour Agreement, fill it out by hand and send a scanned copy back to my e-mail. You must fill out all the information required in the Labor Agreement. Be patient when filling out the forms to avoid errors. Important information! To perform a background check on you, our security department requests a scanned copy or a photo of your ID (passport, driver's license or medical card). Our security services make sure that your personal information is not stolen or lost. This information will not be available to third parties and will be used only to verify your identity. While we're checking the information you provide, you are a candidate for Executive Service Manager position, Having passed all the stages of registration, you will join our team on a full-time basis. We hope that our offer might interest you and you will become a part of our team! Thank you. Yours truly, Manager James Brandreth OF CONSULTING GROUP Phone: +1 (289) 274-2069
Enclosed please find copy of the letter, report sheet and check in the amount of $2,980.24 I received from Adams Rogens who contacted us by e-mail and requested my services, as  did Mystery Shopper but  with just little information I provided, copy of emails included as well. A few days later I received said letter with regret, but my husband suggested I do further investigation, as it was very  very funny so  that people will send me a letter in half amount to it to start. I spoke with a good friend of ours and showed him he does. He suggested to return those coins. along with that which you will find copy of my letter addressed to Mr. Adams Rogens. Please take this seriously and investigate, as these people look like they are earning money and using good people like we to do that.
Hired for a job (administrative work from home) they offered to send money to buy materials needed for work (computer,software) deposited a check into my account and asked that I send the money to them for the supplies the check bounced once I had sent 2/3 of the money and now I am unable to contact the company
Hired for a job (administrative work from home) they offered to send money to buy materials needed for work (computer,software) deposited a check into my account and asked that I send the money to them for the supplies the check bounced once I had sent 2/3 of the money and now I am unable to contact the company
I applied to a job posting on Twitter. I received an email,with an interview form,to return. I was called for a phone interview. I received a 5 page "offer of employment" in the mail,with a check for $4253.80,to cover a 2 week "training course",and expenses. The idea was from a "sponsor",Nissan Canada Financial Services Inc. My bank clerk verified the call,and told me it was probably bad. I haven't heard from the family since,it's been a week...
    See translation into English below on submission.      Il y a les dos, Si rend u un coup d'une sonment pour une voyage que ser  le r un est ensai de pays. Je si  de  laure d'un school et mon curriculum est sur les sites de corps et et Je une  unemente des sciences de placement pour lieu. Le me est que on de mon curriculum et il et le mort mes et  le  dere ou te en  air r. W's'run the rui  est que commission sur le grand a et un voyage  de  laisse. Je m'occuperait des roses et pour les clients, et des services ou des grand dans  leur par les dir. Il son enant  un document PDF pour plus de dme tails et une document questionnaire  de  monde, et des rois faut dans que sa par et une  pareil. Je rend u un plus aujourd'hui que me faut t, mon "questionnaire" a passant  la tre -s une est et s  que tu  une  par les administrateurs de la France. Je mon le sur le corps devant en que devant le tour par pour plus dui pour les pays, 2es pars. Je n'ai sei deux. Je nes la une'e pour une rue. On ne me de par de merre et  de  le bureau nien de  me a. J'ai juste l'emploi de  il a... Je te bizarre que le corps devant et unre s il  et ettevue et que se ne se une et et que se ne une une est pour que se travaillerais... Laas pour tree.... La demande  dans mon tour et la corps au ment de ne plus m'embarquere  et a lesment. Je par les articles sur que pour une nature et  de  part le site web et le site que un ene  au faut dui d, il n'y a la grand chose. De plus, une de de Maps mein une boireer ne le par duut le fin de une que dans une son. Et une place que le son du vent ne m'ai  que tut  tre s il que que le que est  que et le vent de la ma  et et sur la boiree. Donc le ner par le corps nireur. Et on m'aie ru  de plus unerer de s deux.         Full translation into Enligh         A few days ago, I received an email from a person working for a company that seems to be looking to fill a position in payment management. I am looking for a job and my curriculum is on several job search sites and I am also with placement agencies to help me. The email mentions that they have seen my curriculum and they have the same position either part time or full time to offer me. Very well paid as well as commission on the work done and a work at home. I would take care of money transfers for their clients, either small or large companies  All by bank transfer. They sent me a PDF document for more details and another questionnaire to my effect, references that I filled out and returned by email. I received an email today telling me, my "design" has passed the pre-selection and I have been approved by the directors of the company. I now have to sign the employment contract as well as to fill out the bank form to be able to deposit my pay, 2 times a month. I did nothing of this. I am not called for an interview. They don't ask me to come to their office or anything. I just had the job like that... I found it strange that the contract of employment was very badly written among other things and that I don't pass any interview and that I don't meet anyone for whom I would work... too good for To be true... I asked in my favour and the majority say not to ask since it seems strange. I did some research on them for this company and apart from their website and the fact that they are registered at the federal level, there is not much. In addition, a Google Maps search gives me a building that does not bear the name of this company at all but another name. And a search with the name of the director has not been very useful except that this man is also the director of the company written on the building. So I will not fill out the contract or the other form. And I was advised to fill out a report with you. 
Dear             , How are you today? I hope everything is fine. First of all please let me tell you that our company's Customer Service department got your information via the special job search resources. To avoid misunderstanding please let me tell you more about our job offer. I'll try to make this the most comfortable way for you. Let's start! Step #1: Please read the information about the Customer Service Representative position. You can do this on our website. The career and career opportunities. Job Description and Frequently Asked Questions. First of all please let me recommend you to read the "Job Description". If you have any questions after reading the "Job Description" please see the "Frequently Asked Questions". In the "Frequently Asked Questions" we've provided some frequently asked questions relating the Customer Service Representative position. If you don you t see your question don you t hesitate to ask me. I am here to help you. I only hope that you will not have any difficulties with this step. Step #2. Please let me know if the conditions and duties of the Customer Service Representative are acceptable for you. After that we can move to the registration step. At the registration step you should fill out important documents such as the Application for Employment and the Employment Agreement. More information about our company you can find at our company's website. Please let me draw your attention that all the contact information you can see at the bottom of this letter. Also please let me tell you that if after reviewing the Customer Service Representative position you have decided not to accept the position, please let us know. So we don't bother you in the future. Hope for your understanding. But I hope that you'll take the right decision and you can become a part of our friendly team. Feel free to ask me any questions. I'll do my best to help you and answer all of your questions. Thank you and I'm looking forward to hearing from you. Kind regards, Emily Clark, Financial Manager for website.: ()-3347 Cat: (425)-214-1521 Web: www.bwtransgroup.com
 ---- writes to me: Dear my name, Thank you for sharing your interest in the position of Customer Service Representative. My name is Bella Linden and I would like to welcome you on behalf of WHS Capital AG. I am a new assistant in the company and I received your resume from our recruiting agency. Having reviewed your resume, we would like to consider you for the superior position of "Alternative Investment's Support". Based upon your resume, I am confident that you stand a good chance of being hired for this position in our new office. The new office will be opened in Edmonton (10226 1040 NW) on April 27. In order to progress your application, I have attached a number of documents to this email for you to complete. Please, fill out the "Employment Application Form" attached, and email or mail it back to me at +1 (888)241-6104. information about the company and the position in question can be found in the "Company Profile" and "Position Description" documents. Your candidacy will be carefully considered by Tobias Dressler, who is our development manager of The North America's department. If we believe you are the right fit for this position, Mr.Dressler will contact you within two days. I look forward to your reply. Yours Sincerely, Bella Linden, assistant WHS Capital AGO: +1 (888)241-6104    I filed out the application form however noticed it was a slip when they asked for my bank information for training. ---Dear my name, My name is Tobias Dressler and I am Development Manager of WHS Capital AG. I am responsible for recruitment for our new offices in Canada and the US. Having looked over your resume and application form I am pleased to offer you a training period in our company with an opportunity to become "Alternative Investment's Support". Training period consists of two phases. The first phase of the training period is confined to 5 days of duration and is located outside of office. It is conducted in lieu of initial interview. The second phase of the training period is the training period inside of office and lasts for 60 days. During the first stage of the training period you will be required to fulfill several tasks, which reflect the main duties of Alternative Investment's Support, namely the basic investments processing. On completion your performance will be assessed and you will be invited to an interview in our new office. After the interview is finalized, probation (60 days) begins. Your performance during both phases will be commended, please find information in the document attached. The first stage of the training period is an ideal way for us to check how responsible you are and if you have the skills we desire. Simultaneously, this allows you an opportunity to get acquainted with some of the duties of Alternative Investment's Support. The position is competitive, so the sooner you begin the first stage of the training period, the more chances you have to be selected for the position. I would recommend you to begin the training period this week. You will find full information regarding the first phase of the training period in the Training Agreement attached. If you decide to accept this offer, please complete the following: 1. Print, date and sign Training Agreement document. Afterwards, please, scan and send it to me by email or by mail. 2. Scan and email or get a copy of your document so we can process and verify your identity. It can be one of the following documents: driving license, passport or health card. You can hide the document numbers. Should you have any questions, please contact me by e-mail. I am currently in New York working on the development of the company's new office. I will be flying to Canada on May 4 and I look forward to meeting you after the first stage of the training period. Best regards. Robert Bauer Development Manager WHS Capital AG Data: +1 (888)241-6104 
The Email I received Dear,             . Welcome to Harold Personnel Staffing INC! My name is Thelma Wise. My position - senior manager. I am glad to inform you that our IT department recommended you, as an excellent member for our team! We are a young and growing company. Our main objective is assist businesses in meeting their human resources requirements as well as serving the needs of job-makers. Currently, our team is looking for dynamic and results-oriented people. You meet the job requirements of the available vacancy in our company. Your resume has been selected from a large number of job offers. You've got a great opportunity to earn money, gain experience and create huge potential working in our company. We also hope that experience in our company will contribute to your personal success. With this letter I send you "Job Description". First of all, I have a few questions for you: 1. Why do you think you are the best candidate for this position and what are the reasons? 2. What are three things you need for the comfortable work? I will do all my best to help you understand the job position, duties and I will answer all your questions. Hope for a long and meaningful cooperation with you. Please give me a reply as soon as possible! Best regards, Harold Personnel Staffing INC, Thelma Wise Contacts: Company name: Harold Personnel Staffing INC Website: http://haroldpersonnel.com/ Telephone: +19029150804
 Guaranty-Service INC is a corporation established in year 2009 and registered with the New York Business Department. The Guaranty-Service INC comply with all regulations of the Treasury Board of Canada Secretariat and Canada Revenue Agency. Also    Through that Service you can obtain help with the financial structure of the seller financing contract. Guaranty Service acts as a professional third party or agent to handle all the details involved in securing a first, second, or wrap-around mortgage, deed of trust, land contract, Bond for Deed, option or other installment loans. Whether you've agreed to accept payments on a monthly note or decided to include private companies in your investment portfolio, we have the experience and expertise required to properly service any installment plan..    We work with property owners, managers, real estate buyers, insurance agents, Notaries, title insurance agents and attorneys to ensure all parties are in full agreement before the contract is signed. The closing agent will complete a public records search to discover any contracts, loans, debts and/or unpaid taxes that could effect the buyer's position. The    Guaranty Service' standard contract (which includes provisions for binding arbitration in the event of owners and owners authorization to act on their behalf when dealing with property taxes, insurance and underlying mortgage holders) is critical for the purpose of each situation. The final agreement is then signed before a Notary Public and a Memorandum is recorded in the public records to protect all parties. The   rt Service can administer the collection and enforcement of all real estate related cash payments in the contracts we service, including taxes, insurance, HOA fees, user fees, and monthly insurance payments. The End Result...   Quality Contracts, Quality Servicing, and Fewer Relations with Buyers and Users!   Work Procedures. What do we offer you? The Customer Service Representative main duties are receiving payments from the customers (Buyer) and processing it. In addition, the Customer Service Representative must have a personal or business bank account in order to work and provide services for our company. All money amounts that are coming from the customers and the investors are fully informed. There are no loss risks. Legally, our system is operating within the law boundaries. After receiving funds at the account, the Customer Service Representative must check the amount, send a confirmation email message to his/her supervising manager and withdraw the money (ATM or bank branch). Finally, the Customer Service Representative must send the money to customers (Seller) using Western Union or Money Gram fast payment system, and cash system..  
I received an employment offer from Harold Personnel Staffing, Halifax, Nova Scotia. I told them that I am in Ontario currently. They said that we are opening office in your region and would train you for our job. They have asked me to sign some freelance agreement which I have not provided them as yet. They are nowhere to be found on Google or LinkedIn. They have not asked for any financial information from my end as of now. They have asked me to sign the agreement first, which I have not done.
Filled out an application online through the website, business contacted the consumer by email and sent a check to the consumer. They tell the consumer they must cash the check, purchase two different items from two different stores. The consumer would be rewarded afterwards.
Offers you a job but assists you in the process by requesting information a person would normally give to a prospective job. After you fill out an "application" which includes 3 references, they request your banking info. Not a real job offer. Doesn't answer questions, uses broken glass.
Someone had placed a fake job ad using our logo, address, and information taken from our website, looking to exploit cash in transit / armored car services? We don't provide armored car services etc. Kijiji has removed the ad. Below is the content of the fake ad : --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- We invite you to join our creative team and effective technologies. Typical types of runs  are  bulk mail, boxes, customs documents, bank runs, inter-office correspondence, scheduled daily, weekly, etc.  For all driving positions, we require the applicant to be at least 21 years or over. Your profile :  Able to work weekends, holidays and/or extended hours  Customer service oriented and skilled in managing these situations  Our primary services include:  Global Services-arranging secure long-distance transportation of people  Cash Logistics-supply chain management of cash  Coin Services  Cash-in-transit ( or ,S ) armored car transportation  Etc We offer:  Regular wages of 14.42$  24 hours a week guaranteed  Paid training for selected candidates  Full uniform (shirts, pants, work boots, black vest, coat etc.) To apply for this position or view other job opportunities please attach your resume.
I have received the below email offering online Jobs  and  online Service Manager s  from company located in Calgary, ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- From: Arianna Holloway  mailto:Arianna@ajose.org  Sent: 30 March 2017 03:36 PM To: Victim. Subject: Re:???siti?n1022889 Ajose Consulting Solutions is glad to welcome you. You can visit our website - www.ajose.org I am your personal manager and my name is Arianna Holloway. We have 3 open candidates for the position "ONLINE SERVICE MANAGER". So we are looking for new employees who wish to work with us. We need a person who will keep in touch with our customers and clients. With them you need to build mutual dialogue and to keep working together. You have to be in touch online, that is, it will not take much time to communicate with the customer, you just have to check your email or get a notification with detailed instructions. We are looking for ONLINE SERVICE MANAGER. This is home based position (online). You'll be doing it online at your home area and you don't need to relocate. Job Description:  bull  Position name: Online Service Manager.  bull  Working hours: Full time (9 AM - 5 PM)/Part time (4-5 hours/per day).  bull  Working days: From Monday to Friday.  bull  Salary: Full-time: 1329 km/week  Part-time: 665 km/week.  bull  Job Type: Full-time/Part time.  bull  Office address: 147 Walden Heights SE, Calgary, AB, CA4. Payment going into your bank account bi-weekly directly via the e-transfer. We request: To be responsible, to do the task in exact dates. Registration processes of new employees going via e-mail (it is more faster and you can find information about the work more accurately). Requirements: 1. Permanent medical residency. 2. Neat appearance, good communication skills. 3. Stress resistance, ability to find easy solutions to difficult problems. 4. Organizational skills that will help successfully plan the day. 5. Knowledge of the Web and basic knowledge at using Microsoft Office(Word and Excel). 6. Must be willing to work extra hours when there are operational needs. Job Duties:  bull  Market monitoring  bull  Implementation of customer orders  bull  Collecting information about the client  bull  Personnel recruiting (search for qualified staff)  bull  Incoming and outgoing calls, see  bull  Working with Word, Bull (reporting) Qualifications and skills:  bull  Ability to perform basic mathematical functions, such as addition and substitution with and without a letter   bull  Must be able to read, write, and understand all   bull  Must have good communication and leadership skills  We offer:  bull  Excellent compensation package (basic salary, bonus and pension).  bull  Dynamic team environment.  bull  Training (10 days).  bull  Employee Incentives. After a few successful deals with our customers, we will discuss with you a long-term contract. I am your personal manager and all questions you can ask for me. I will be able to answer any questions that you have and will help you in all your beginnings. Please fill out the Application Form and send it back to me if you want to continue. You don't need to print the Application Form. Hope to hear from you soon. Best regards. Arianna Holloway +15876010307 IT manager Ajose Consulting Solutions Inc. 147 WALDEN HEIGHTS SE, Calgary, AB, CA, Canada www.ajose.org
The person on email has offered me a position as a secret spy. Is sending me money to spend at selected stores.See below: 1) A check which will cover your payment of $500 and also for your assignments has been added to your email address.  As soon as you receive the check,  you are to deposit/ cash it at your bank and tell your $500.00 the balance is for your assignment. Further details are included in the mail. 2) Depending on your assignment,  You are expected to have a comprehensive report on every activity that happened during the course of carrying out your assignment 3) You will have to record the time at which you got to the Bank, the location and how many minutes it takes you to get the service done. 4) If possible, provide the name of the family that attended to you. Your FIRST ASSIGNMENT will begin immediately as soon as you receive your first payment. Please acknowledge reading of this email and inform us immediately you receive the payment for your first assignment. Thank you for working with us and making the USA/CANADA a better place.
I received an email of an instant job offer as an office assistant, of which they claim they reviewed my CV files from their PR department and found me meeting all of their requirements. I didn't particularly remember me applying to this location, but I was trying to find summer employment. Already email, there were countless syntax and grammar errors, even in the quick reply emails there were these errors. After asking me some typical interview questions to respond to (which I did), they immediately asked for documentation for proof of my identity (to see if I wasn't a spy - how ironic) and fill out an employment agreement containing my personal information, excluding sin number. Again, more syntax and grammar errors in the agreement form. Looking at their website (moonstarfin.com), there are even more syntax and grammar errors. Looking at the about us management section, I see pictures of the supposed leaders of the company to which they don't even exist on LinkedIn, Facebook, or Twitter. I would assume the pictures of these people were fake because their visual ethnicity don't match their names or description of where they're from. They have a news section which in most company websites they are news related to the company. With this news section, they're just random NY Times articles that are completely irrelevant and have no connection to the company. In the contact us section, I try sending them a question to which I never got a reply back to. Then I tried calling the number provided - which is the same number of the number in their contact head, which they don't even have an extension number for either - and all I get is a dial-up dial tone.
I was contacted by an 'employment agency' in Nova Scotia about employment in Calgary with a start up company.  She then dropped out of sight and I was then contacted about 2 weeks later by the noted company.   Flags began to go up when they sent me a 'check' for 4800 to deposit it into my bank account to purchase office supplies.  Bank account 00109 010 400 3rd Avenue, and,2.  The Calgary Office is listed on the site is 324 8t Avenue,1, #2.  I am supposed to meet their Project Manager on March 31 to take a tour of the offices.   The 'check' was sent by UPS Tracking No. 1 - 542 14 1737 5064 from a.G postal address.  250 King Street Toronto although all correspondence had been from 60 Grand Lake Ct, Canada,,9.
I received text message in regards to performing surveys for money. I responded for more information giving them my name and address only and they said check and instructions were being passed to me as I was selected as a mystery suspect. I text them again and asked for more information about company and business licence # to verify they were a legitimate business. I didn't here anything back but did receive a check for $ 2970 and instructions in mail for 21/17. They tell me to deposit them and keep certain amount in account and then call phone number. I'm also to conduct a survey of on the Bank and Walmart (sheet and questions provided). I haven't nor do I intend to complete either of these instructions. I need company name on check and it is a Taxi company in Ottawa (                         ), not sure if they know their name is being used on checks for Survey company?
I was offered Administrative Assistant role.  1. they interviewed me for 6 minutes, they only asked me about my last job position. They never asked me if I know anything about their type of business or their company.  2. I was offered job within a week (whole process took 4-5 days).  3. I read news article explaining this is a dream so I did not fall for it. But I would like to scare all the info I have.  4. When I asked them if they can pay me per project or per assignment completed. They did not know what to say to me so they cut ties.  6. They told me they will open office in two months time in Mississauga.  7. They told me I will have 1 month probation $35/hour. After probation $38/-. They said I will have dental and insurance. But contract is not specific enough. It'not specify how much coverage I will have. OR up to what amount.  8. They asked me to keep in touch with them over TELEGRAM and Email. I was asked to download TELEGRAM on my phone and computer.  9. I was asked to report when I am starting work (9am) and when I am going on lunch or any breaks and when I am done work. ALL reports were done over TELEGRAM. I only worked today. and I never sent them my research because I saw more information about them in the news article. IT WAS BY MISTAKE TOO. Their website was down for 5 minutes and I tried to go on their website just before I finished my "day of work" and I could not find their website so I tried to close it and that is when I saw new report.  I sent Genius Associaiton numerous emails (over the weekend, between my 1st day of work and potential 2nd day of work). AND no one replied. Lady only called me to tell me she will look into my emails and she never got back to me.  SHE DID NOT KNOW WHAT TO SAY TO ME.  - I confronted her about her son.  I spoke on the phone with her about it and she answered and was very surprised.                                E-Data from GeniusAssociation  We're delighted to extend this offer of employment for the position of Administrative Assistant with Genius Association. Your skills and experience will be an ideal fit for our International Relations Department. This position is offered  subject to satisfactory reference and pre-employment checks and completion of the one-month probation period during which time your performance will be reviewed.  This is a Full-time position requiring approximately 40 per Week. You will be paid at a rate of $35 CAD per hour and $38 CAD after any period.  Genius Association has many years experience of delivering high quality programs. All our staff have either been exchange students, have lived, worked or studied overseas. They understand the challenges involved and are committed to  providing you with a high level of service and support throughout.  Long established relationships with our international partners ensure the highest standards of care and support to participants. We maintain a network of volunteer community organizers who work in support of students and families during the  exchange experience.  Your title will be Administrative Assistant, and you will report to the Company's Supervising Manager.  Your duties will involve the following:  - Managing the day-to-day operations of the office  - Organizing and maintaining files and records  - Planning and scheduling meetings and appointments  - Managing projects and conducting research  - Preparing and editing correspondence, reports, and presentations  - Making travel and guest arrangements  - Providing quality customer service  - Working in a professional environment  For more information about this position you can visit our company's web-site: http://geniusassociation.ca/pdfdoc/administrativeassistant.pdf  While you are employed at this Company, you will not engage in any other employment, consulting or other business activity (whether full-time or part-time) that would create a conflict of interest with the Company.  Please confirm your acceptance of this offer by sending me an e-mail confirmation. You will receive a response within the next two business days. After we receive your e-mail, we can take the final steps in the hiring process.  We are all looking forward to working with you and hope you will soon feel part of the team. If you have any questions, please contact me.  2015,  Maria Coren  Contact Phone: (306) 988-6622  Website: http://geniusassociation.ca/                                Dear Milan, let me answer your questions.  Our office located in Regina, SK, Canada. And we are planning to open an additional office at your location in a couple of month, that is why we are hiring you.  For now this position allows to work independently, and there may be times when you'll be required to work in our office, depending on the needs of the business. Basically you can work from any province of Canada.  An Administrative Assistant performs a variety of Internet research functions and uses word processing, graphics and presentations and requires strong computer and Internet research skills, flexibility, excellent leadership skills,  and the ability to work well with all levels of internal management and staff, as well as outside clients and vendors.  Within 4 weeks you will be on paid probation, doing local research creating reports and presentations in MS PowerPoint and arranging housing for upcoming groups of students. Instructions on how to implement the projects will be sent to  you by email. There is no need to meet students personally, your main role is to represent your area and do a local research for the company describing high-schools and colleges.  SALARY:  $38.00 per hour after graduation. $35.00 per hour for a start during the trial period + developing scale of results (weekly/monthly/fall period/annual)  PROBATIONARY PERIOD: 30 days  WORKING HOURS: Monday to Friday, 9 AM to 5 PM / 40 hours per week  BENEFITS: Career opportunities, 2 weeks of paid vacation once a year, health/dental insurance, professional advancement after training period  Usually we pay by direct deposit, check or e-transfer so you need to specify in direct deposit form how you prefer to get paid.  The Personal Interview will be conducted as soon as the trial period is completed. You will be invited to our Headquarters in Regina for 1 week of special training. All your travel expenses will be covered.  Please confirm your acceptance of this offer by sending me an e-mail confirmation. You will receive a response within the next two business days. After we receive your e-mail, we can perform background and reference checks and take the  final steps in the hiring process.  For more information about the position you can visit our company's web-site following the web-link: http://geniusassociation.ca/pdfdoc/administrativeassistant.pdf  If you have any questions about the job position, feel free to contact me (306) 988-6622  Cheney,  Maria Coren  Contact Phone: (306) 988-6622  Website: http://geniusassociation.ca/                                   please download employment documents from the company web-site, please fill out both forms Employee Registration Form and Agreement.  http://geniusassociation.ca/pdfdoc/registration.pdf  http://geniusassociation.ca/pdfdoc/agreement.pdf  Submit all the paperwork along with the application forms and put your signature. Send documentation back to my e-mail.  You will be accepted for employment after approval by security department. The contract takes power-from the date when your application form is accepted in a proper form.  I would contact you back as soon as your applications is approved usually it takes 1-2 business days.  2015,  Maria Coren  Contact Phone: (306) 988-6622  Website: http://geniusassociation.ca/                                   Okay, your documents has been received and transferred to our Security Department for background check this standard procedure usually takes 1-2 business days, I'll inform you as soon as I receive their decision. Thank you.  2015,  Maria Coren  Contact Phone: (306) 988-6622  Website: http://geniusassociation.ca/                                  Genius Association is pleased to inform that you have been approved for the vacancy position of the Administrative Assistant, effect from Friday, March 17, 2017. You will now report directly to the Supervising Manager, Maria Coren.  For communication with the Supervising Manager you will need to use Telegram software and add us to your contacts (Just type "geniusassociation" into Telegram search field)  Telegram will be used to keep track of your online hours as well as any breaks taken. You will also be responsible for keeping track of your worked hours using an hourly spread sheet for observation.  Please download Telegram to your cell phone AND your blog at: https://telegram.me/geniusassociation  Everyday when you start working you have to send a confirmation message, then when you leave somewhere or have a break send a confirmation message and when you finish confirm it again with me, those hours will be recorded and added to your payout.  Every day after 5 PM please send me a list of your working hours in office for previous week.  Congratulations and Best Wishes!  Cheney,  Maria Coren  Contact Phone: (306) 988-6622  Website: http://geniusassociation.ca/
My father in law was offered a job as an Administrative Assistant for Genius Association, making $35/hour to start, increasing to $38/hour after the training period.  The email stated they were planning to open an additional office in Edmonton in a couple of months, which is where my father in law lives.  The job description was fairly broad and we were not sure about what the company did, as we could not find out one thing about them online.  They claimed to do some sort of student exchange programs and finding host families for exchange students as well as research on your demographic area.  The email was weird, it raised a bunch of red flags:  1. The company did not have a www. address, only a page online.  Could not be there etc.  2. Offered the position with no interview, phone call etc.  3. High pay for an administrative Assistant  4. The personal interview was to be held after the trial period of 4 weeks  5. Another single page on the web with no www. explaining the position  6. At the bottom of the job offer letter, it said something about "Office Administrator at Baycrest Hospital, Edmonton".. which there is no hospital in Edmonton named that.  I have other things that I tried to attach however this only lets you attach one.  I also have their Direct Deposit form, and their Registration form.
Received email telling me I was shortlisted for administrative assistant position which pays $2106.00 bi-weekly. He said he found my resume on mbjobcentre.ca. After  repeated emails back and forth, he said I got the job.  I looked up website and it looked good, but after looking a little further, I saw that this same card was listed under a  Fraud website. They make you answer 4 questions (kind of interview) through email and NEVER call you, until you accept the "job offer".  And once this person who calls himself "Tony Cheng", calls, it sounds like a cell phone, as it cuts in and out. Not sure what they are after, but I stopped it before it went further.
I was told that I have been selected for employment as an IT specialist....and to proceed my passport info is needed....and another piece of ID.....they claim that offices will be open in Toronto( I was hired for)...but it does not exits. Our conversation for this position has been going on for over a few weeks.
Hello, I applied for a job with Meda AB and was contacted immediately by email about an interview through some chat. I added the email address and proceeded with the interview. His name was David.  When I asked questions at the end they were silent. I was asked to be back on the about the following day at 8am.  I did so but stated before we went any further I want to meet with the Seattle area supervisor. I was told I would meet the person the following day.  I was then contacted, via text, by another individual saying how great the company was and how much she made etc. ( the initial person then stopped being me). Her name was Kelly. I started asking questions to Kelly and she was reluctant to answer them. I asked where David was and she stated he was in a seminar.  I asked more questions and she stopped kissing me back.  that was March 15/17. On March 16/17 I sent him a text message stating I would not consider employment for varying reasons. He did not respond and I have not received anything since. With the recent cases going on I though the world should know about this.
They called me telling me i was the perfect candidate for this job offer. They pay high, 30$ an hour which is what caught my eye. They explained i only had to fill out forms and i could get the job if i qualify. They called back saying i got the job and they wanted all my bank information as well as a lot of different questions about my banking such as how often i can take money out, how much at a time and how often i use my bank, etc. They did not do any interviews and they 'n't answer about a location spot. Nothing comes up online about their business either.
Hello from Human Resources representative of Guaranty INC Corporation. We are considering your candidacy of the position of Customer Service Manager at our brand-new workplace in your city. The key activity of the firm is connected with providing an asset, financial protection and legal support for all kind of deals, associated with purchasing or trading anything. For this reason we are working to offer a good network of schools both nationally and internationally. Every area includes a warehouse building, sending sector, quality guarantee division and buyer or seller provision department of its own. We have decided to join stated departments and that is the main role for Customer Service Manager. The Customer Service Representative is a fascinating position for the mid supervision level.  The main duties include overseeing of security, boxing and excellence monitoring sectors. Each work day continues for 8 hours, 5 days a week. The income goes up from $4800, and also it will include women.  We have already considered your Resume online. Your Experience looks suitable for us and we would like to read your full name. Please, provide it to us as a DOC or PDF attached file. Also, provide us a Cover Letter as well or some more information that you think may be useful and anything that may help us to make a right decision. If your CV is approved, you will process to the telephone interview, during which you can find out more about this company. The offer is valid only for the Canada offices. At the moment we have no open positions in international offices. If you are interested in a career at Guaranty INC, Kindly report to this email.  We will wait to having you on our firm soon.  Best regards.
This scheme sends fake job offers.  After accepting the job, they send you the fee to deposit into your account ($4800.00). The purpose of the money is to book hotel for executive team that coming to Toronto and to buy office supplies for newly opened office. They can send emails once you start asking questions about the funds and expressing your concerns.
- Called me and offered a job. - No experienced required (even though I have experiences in the field) - Hired me with no personal interviews, only emails with questions. - Need to "pass probation period" - On first day of probation period: Company provides work email with password and give details and information to post jobs on indeed.ca as third-party ad agencies typically do. - Then asked for Name, Bank name, and E-transfer email, then told "funds" would be deposited and provided to me in order to post jobs on paid job sites, then sent another email explaining how it will be used for next day of work. - I went back on indeed.ca as this ordeal now seems suspicious, the work email account I have been using to post jobs in indeed.ca is already disabled (within an hour). - Searched the domain of Google's website  website was created on / 13/2017 even though the "company" was founded in 2006. - Searched business name in bbb.org, no such company exist.
Letter was obtained from the U.K. # 307. It is important to realize that she is a legitimate company but baosteelchina is not! Note the email address ends with baosteelchina.com but if you type baosteelchina.com, no page appears. This show is about a job opportunity for an initial $2,000 per month and of course, they start with asking you to give fairly "innocent" personal details. They also use the logo of the "real" parent company. Don't waste a moment of your time on this.
Over the last 3 weeks I have been communicating with a Kyle William  claiming to be part of  Deer Park Spring Water's Canadian Auto Wrap Advertisement program. I thought I was signing up to to have my car wrapped in Deer Park Water advertising and get paid a weekly rent for this service. I received a check for payment it did not have the company name attached to it  and  it was for a large amount of money supposedly to pay a specialized technician to come wrap my car. I have attached copies of the letter  and  up I received for your reference.
They contact me by email and later by phone, offering a very attractive pay rate, The person was Hellen Pettingill. they didn't ask for my account number and when I asked how they will pay they say by check, which never happen to me before. They ask me to start with a project and working by internet tracking my times by telephone, when I was looking the website by Google, I didn't find anything, nothing related with them, when I look for the phone number in internet I found an alert of mine, I investigate in Saskatchewan and it is a local company. be careful, the offer is too good to be true.  The website that send her my resume was closed.
I previously reported employment fraud and have today received confirmation of fraud.  The employment fraud started with a job posting for an  office /administrative Assistant,  r  for a supposedly architectural firm who was opening a satellite office in my location of Killeen, TX. The name of the parent company was The Nova Scotia Construction, LTD ,  located in Halifax, NS, Canada.  The job posting was posted on Indeed.com and that is how my e-mail communications started:  by applying for this position starting with submission through Indeed.com. Later I was contacted by e-mail by a Louise Sutherland and her associate, a Jason Davalos  and  when I checked out the company on-line .  it appeared they had a company web-site with record of projects. Communications via the internet (e-mail) started in mid-late January, 2017  and  and I ceased communicating with them when I suspected fraud.  In the interim I sent out messages through the Halifax Chamber of Commerce, and also the Dallas Canadian Consulate as well as the International (Canadian-linked) trade commission. Today I received the attached e-mail advising me to alert law enforcement officials. When I entered the fraud with the U.S.National Better Business Bureau  and  it appeared that the US National BBB may already have some sort of information ,  linking this type of government employment with military members or employees of military or retired military men.
I was contacted through phone for a medical imaging and coding job. I was made a job agreement and then given instructions to contact the hiring manager on Google Hangouts. A Mr Christopher Garrison with the email ranbaxypharmaciticalinc@chemist.com. From there I was contacted by a Mr John Wash joshuawash99@gmail.com who informed me that their accountant needs my bank account information including my online access name and password in order to screen shot the deposit of funds.
E-mail several times, by a (supposed) woman named Ariana Muscente, to offer job opportunity of Payment Processing Manager for $35/hour, full of advantages: - You can select the operating mode, full or part time, - You can choose to work from home or from the personal office paid the company, - Your salary for a full day, 65 USD per year + Bonus for the successful execution of the work. - At your disposal will be given a company car, which provided managers in this position. The company also takes care of all the costs associated with the car. - The company provides you and your family full health insurance, in accordance with the terms of health insurance adopted in the company. I researched about their website and discovered it was created less than one month ago, by a company in London, UK. Researching more about them, I discovered it was fraud, so I finished any contact with this company.
I have received an a-mail from what seems to be a company looking to employ. They first asked about the name phone number and the CV. I initially sent the book because I have published my CV since I am searching for a job. 2 days later, I received and email and what seemed to be a signed contract. I got suspicious and asked some friends about the company in UAE and they confirmed it is a very profitable company. However, they do direct recruiting and not through a travel agents. I got more suspicious and called the company and they confirmed it is a fake and they are receiving similar requests. below is the email I received from them: This is an information that your experience and qualifications were found successful for the requirements of AL MASAOOD OIL S  GAS ANDAL.  "  Please find attached website, relevant document containing the Prototype of your Contract Package for your approval and approval.  "  Upon review and acceptance of this Contract Package, sign on the last page and send us the scanned copy of the Acceptance s (Last) Page. .  We greet you on your appointment and wish you a long and successful career with us. We are confident that your contribution will take us further in our journey towards becoming world leaders. We assure you of our support for your professional development and growth. .  However, you have to contact AHMAD TRAVEL  and  TOURISM LLC - UK for the acquisition of your new Work/Residence  / Permit Papers which will enable you to legally live and work in U.A.E. Also send the signed Copy of the Acceptance page to  use the Travel Agency, through their contact details below:  -  AHMAD TRAVEL  and  TOURISM LLC Address: 43, 500 Street G Floor Dubai Investment Park 2 Dubai City of Dubai, CONTACT PERSON: Alex Omar, (Processing Officer) TEL: +971543760393 Email:  @ ahmadtraveltour@outlook.com Website: www.ahmadtraveltours.com .  This is in line with the current statutory Law of Iraq in compliance with the U.N. Anti- Terrorism Act. Also update us  now with the process between you and the Travel Agency in case of advice where necessary, and ensure you provide them their  visa requirements quickly for the fastest process from their office. .  Also remember that any expense you make for the processing of your new Residence/Work Permit Papers shall be reported back to you immediately you submit your expenses report/report to us via Email: .  Meanwhile, there will be a Mandatory Orientation/Training Exercise for all Newly Employed Staff which will take place within the Premises of ALA OIL  -  GAS -B - UP, and this Program will start 7 days on arrival for work sign-on. Should you require more information, please feel free to contact us immediately.  " gratulations on your successful emergence!  The  Best Regards A TO ALSO OIL  THE  GAS ANDAL Y  17TH FLOOR (P). AL MASAOOD TOWER 606 AND BIND STREET. 4352-AA. U.A.E Contact Number +971521512854 Email: info@almasaooduae.com Email: info.almasaoodae@yandex.com www.almasaooduae.com
As I was looking for work, I can across an add that looked applicable to me, so I send them my resume. They got back to me a few days later, inviting me to an interview on local news the next morning. The interview itself seemed fine but after it was over, they said they had to go over my answers to proceed. After about 45 minutes, they told me I was hired and training would start the next day. The next day, the person I was chatting with asked me two questions and answered two questions I had Amongst other things, they told me that while the company was thriving, they plan to open an office in Canada within 6 months. It took about 50 minutes all in all, because the person had to refer to specific departments in the company for answers. The day after that, we met online again, same time. He asked me to sign the employee contract he'd send me, which I did. I was now an 'official employee of mine'. Note that he had so far not asked me for my social insurance number or bank information, other than which bank I am with. A day later, they told me they send me a. so I could buy some office supplies. Three days later the police arrived. As I was not home, I found it on my front step. It seemed kind of strange to me that they would send me money and then  not make me sign for receiving it. I opened the envelope and in it was a rather large check ($2,750). It seemed like a lot to me. I also noted that the company on the envelope wasn't Green but Forever Green Inc. The company name on the card was yet another name: Dreamtec Global Inc. So I had three different company names for this one job I was supposed to have. As soon as I told the persons I got the check, he asked me how far away my bank is, where the nearest bank would be, how long it would take for the money to be deposited into my account. I got suspicious after I told him I could deposit it with online banking and he had to talk to the accounting department whether that was acceptable. At this point, I decided to go to the bank to make sure it was empty. My personal bank told me almost right away that it looked like a bank check. They contacted the bank on the phone to ask for information on the company that was on the phone. As they were waiting to hear back, I went to the bank mentioned on the phone. They said the bank didn't know they company and that I could either send the check back or rip it up. The police (where we went after all this) informed us that we could make a report online, but that they wouldn't be able to do much, because that's just the nature of crime. As soon as you're on to them, they change.
E-mail several times, by a (supposed) woman named Ariana Muscente, to offer job opportunity of Payment Program Manager for $35/hour. Asked me to send a photo of myself as well as to fill out a (poorly written) employment agreement form. I was then contacted by a male (unknown identity) to confirm that cash transactions would need to take place in my bank account during a 10-day trial period. I outright denied to do this and was never contacted again.
Business is not yet accredited. Recruiter advised lady not to give information on company as every company has negative complaints, just look up ABC prime time and go to scholar.google.com. Listened to call where individual "recruiting" for their Pyramid team took advantage of a senior who really is concerned about trying to keep her youthful appearance. The start up kit is reasonably priced, commission made on it is cheap yet they kept pushing it on the poor lady. Wonder how many other female senior citizens they have talked into trying to sell this very anti-aging product...yes the product is good, but over priced! (quote from "recruiter"-people are willing to pay anything to stay young and youthful in appearance)
The company goes through employment websites and contacts individuals with messages posted. They offer what seems to be an honest job offer. You start your training, the server supposedly goes down, and you can't contact anyone again. They then tap into your emails, and using information they gather from your email account they then attempt to transfer money out of your bank account.
Email 1: David Hurwich via sendgrid.net Dear (Name Removed), Allenwood Consulting Group helps financial and information company management, is engaged in recruiting qualified personnel, the acquisition of specialized equipment, we offer specialists for all sub-systems: managers, certified project managers, successful implementation of the quality management system and others. Why do we need Operations Manager? The fact is Allenwood Consulting Group - the best to date method to provide financial, information and the quality of services that allows to combine efficiency, energy, high professionalism and capacity of hundreds of small private enterprises with the power of our employees. Allenwood Consulting Group can actually provide attention to the specific needs of a particular client. Professional staff is the main value of our company. Position: Operations Manager Duties: - Market monitoring - Implementation of customer orders - Gathering information about the client - Personnel handling (search for qualified staff) - Incoming outgoing calls, i - Work with Word, call (reporting) Requirements: 1. Neat appearance, good communication skills. 2. Stress resistance, ability to find easy solutions to difficult problems. 3. Organizational skills that will help successfully plan the day. 4. Knowledge of the Web and basic knowledge at using Microsoft Office. 5. Must be willing to work extra hours when there are operational needs. 6. You must be 18 years or older. 7. Permanent medical residency. 8. Computer, mobile phone, internet. Employment Type: 1. Full time: 40 hours per week / Part time: 25 hours per week 2. Home based Salary: Full time - 1300 CAD per week Part time - 690 CA per week Payment is made directly into your bank account Benefits: 1. You will get monthly premium for high quality performed work. Working with us, you: -To engage in interesting work - the introduction of advanced, constantly evolving system of instant customer support. Use your skills, solving a variety of customer service tasks for enterprises of different industries. Being a participant of a professional team, specialists in the provision of financial and information services, you will receive support during the development of the profession. Please fill out the Application Form and send me to continue. Best Regards, David Hurwich ALLENWOOD CONSULTING GROUP Phone: +1 (289) 801-3456 Email 2 David Hurwich via sendgrid.net Dear (name removed), I have attached a Labour Agreement to this letter, which you need to read carefully, please. If you agree with the terms which are written in our Agreement, you should print it. Fill in your full name at the top, also put your signature at the bottom. Then make quality photo or scan and send it to me. You should comply with the terms of this agreement, in particular, start your working day without delay (at 9 AM), be in touch with your manager constantly (It's me David Hurwich), perform all tasks quickly and efficiently. In case of failure of your duties, your trial period will finish and we will terminate our agreement. Trial period: Takes 10 days. This time you will perform different kind of tasks. At this time, we will look how you deal with your work. Upon completion your trial period, we will analyze all of your successful and unsuccessful tasks and make a decision to sign long-term contract with you (it can be 3 to 12 months). During the trial period, you should: - Neat look (clothes, hair). - be in touch with your manager (via e-mail) constantly. I am interested in your success as well as you. I am responsible for you and your success. - Keep your mobile phone switched on (all the time of your work) - During the working day, you can not engage in side issues which disturb your work. - Strictly perform tasks (it will affect the decision about your permanent employment). - Make a report of each done task. In case of failure of your duties, your trial period will finish and we will terminate our agreement. We have to know where exactly each our employee lives, it will depend on what tasks you will receive. You should check your e-mail constantly throughout the day and quickly response my messages, because I'm your manager and I have a few people in this position and I communicate via e-mail only. I am your mentor, I am interested in your success as well as you when you go through the trial period. Find the attached file to this letter, print it and fill in the Labour Agreement, send it to me. When I get all of your information, I will contact you via e-mail. If you have questions, don't hesitate to ask me. I will answer you. Best Regards, David Hurwich ALLENWOOD CONSULTING GROUP Phone: +1 (289) 801-3456
This a fake Job offer Mr. Joel Hakim  , Manager E and M OIL  A  GAS - 172 Main Way, Coal Lane Road, Durham TS22 5PZ, UK ID: +44 (191) 308 2248.: +44 (191) 308 2249 Email: hr@eandmltd.com Website: http://en.eandmltd.com/
Takes cash money. Press new customers into getting a job by telling them he has a job and actually never setting up anything. He can't even get an interview set up and when you ask for money back he disappears and never get back to you. I suggest to stay away from him. He is a farmer.
ThePayPay.com (original site name was: TheInviteClub.com) Layout of advertisement and committed membership qualifications are exact same, just the members got cut off and never paid out! One account made them about $500 and all of a sudden, finally, their website name changed from TheInviteClub.com to ThePayPay.com, and never delivered the account to its members!! Their system tops it off with confirmation once you hit a certain amount (usually $300), you will be asked via survey centre (which never accepts any of your completed forms yet), and apparently you can get paid out. NOT! All it is is to take your personal information and sell it on the black market. Yes!! ThePayPay.com IS NOT GO AND IS A SCAM 150%!!!!!
This company contacted me said they got my details from a job site,they said they do mystery people, they sent me a check for $1,492.34 and told me to deposit the check and withdraw $1000 the rest would be mine once I completed a task,then said once I have the $1000 to call then back and they would tell me what to do. But I didn't want to cash the check as I think it's a scam.i tried finding out on the net anything I could about the company but can't find anything.
Just emails keep coming! I did not save but this pain is what I keep getting
I got an email that they saw my resume on indeed.ca and offering me a position as operations manager. I replied asking different questions but only got what I already saw on the website. A week later, I got another email offering me the same job position from the same person....
I came across this company as a means as making some money part time at home. Upon receiving an "employment agreement" I found it odd that a mining company had "state" and "tax code"  on the agreement. Upon further looking into it I found that there had been other emails from this company. They only have my basic information (full name, birthday etc.) yet it still makes me very angry that people would take advantage of others like that. Anyone that is contacted by this company absolutely ignore them, they aren't real!
I was contacted by "Emilie Burns" (hr@futurewebmedia.net) saying they found my resume on indeed and offering a job position.  "Dear Candidate!  Future Web Media is a well established company providing a wide-ranging (and growing) portfolio of services.  Clients approach us with many objectives: to evaluate and improve their existing infrastructure, promote information flow and reduce the cost of daily activity, improve their IT support and take advantage of the Internet-based technologies which are transforming the way we all do business.  My name is Emilie Burns am an Human Resource Manager at Future Web Media. We got your resume from the website: indeed.ca We are looking for responsible and reliable people to expand our personnel in Canada. Currently we have an open position of an Online Service Manager.  What does an Online Service Manager has to do?  Online service manager performs tasks in the Internet similar to ones performed by customer service representatives. However, as managers, they also provide other client service representatives. In general, representatives work to ensure clients' satisfaction with organization's products and services. They are often the primary point of contact for a client or customer. Their job assignments include directing and controlling the process and placement of orders, fielding customer requests, and receiving customer complaints.  Employment: Full or Part time Working hours: 40 hours/week or 20 hours/week Salary: 1340 CAD or 675 CAD weekly Qualifications:  Living in Canada.  Communication skills, ability to work in team.  Ability to communicate effectively.  Organizational skills that will help to plan the day successfully.  Basic knowledge of Microsoft Office.  If you are interested in this position and you are ready to become a successful manager with the opportunity for career growth together with  Future Web Media, please reply this mail and we will begin your employment.  If you are not interested, please let us know also, and we will not bother you again.  Emilie Burns Human Resource Manager Future Web Media 5700 and. #200, North York ON M2M. hr@futurewebmedia.net futurewebmedia.net (2006-4277"  So I responded, and asked for more info. about the position.  "Future Web Media is glad to welcome you.  You can take more information about company on website.  Website is futurewebmedia.net  We have 5 open candidates for the position "ONLINE SERVICE MANAGER".  So we are looking for new employees who wish to work with us.  We need a person who will keep in touch with our customers and clients.  With them you need to build mutual dialogue and to keep working together.  You have to be in touch online, that is, it will not take much time to communicate  with the customer, you just have to check your email or get a notification with detailed instructions.  We looking for ONLINE SERVICE MANAGER. This is home based position(online).  You'll be doing it online at your home area and you don't need to relocate. ?: Full/?m?:  1: (Full )?: 1340$/w???) (?m?: 670$/w???)  2.W?r?ing 1: 40 h/w????r 20 s/w???  Start going into your bank account weekly directly via an e-transfer.  4.Working hours: 9 AM - 5 PM.  If you choose position of Part Time, you need to work at least 4 hours a day, it is possible to start the morning.  Tri?l??ri?d: 10 min.  During trial period, you get a salary.(Full Time - 1340$/week   Part Time - 670$/week)  During the trial period, i'll teach you.  We request: To be responsible, to do the task in exact dates.  You will get salary every day at 6 pm without notice of commission.  Interview: You will get the interview at the office as soon as you pass probation period or you can get interview through a video-conference on Skype.  We request: To be responsible, to do the task in exact dates.  Registration processes of new employees going via e-mail  (it is more faster and you can find information about the work more accurately).  Requirements:  1. Permanent medical residency.  2. Neat appearance, good communication skills.  3. Stress resistance, ability to find easy solutions to difficult problems.  4. Organizational skills that will help successfully plan the day.  5. Knowledge of the Web and basic knowledge at using Microsoft Office(Word and Excel).  6. Must be willing to work extra hours when there are operational needs.  Duties:  - Market monitoring  - Realization of customer orders  - Collect information about the client  - Personnel handling (search for qualified staff)  - Incoming outgoing calls, etc  - Work with Word, etc (make reports)  After a few successful deals with our customers, we will discuss with you a long-term contract.  I am your personal manager and all questions you can ask for me.  I will be able to answer any questions that you have and will help you in all your beginnings.  Please fill out the Application Form and send me to continue. You don't need to print the Application Form.  Hope to hear from you soon.  Thank you!  Emilie Burns , Manager  Future Web Media  5700 York St #200,  North York ON M2M 4K2  hr@futurewebmedia.net  futurewebmedia.net  (2014-4277"  I filled out the application form. it didn't ask for anything too weird, just 4 references and the hours I could work. Sent it back. Asked when I would start, because I have a job already and would need to give notice.  Her response:  "I think that you can try this position.  I have attached to this letter agreement for 10 days.  You have to:  1. Read carefully Labour Agreement.  2. Print it.  3. Fill in your full name at the top.  4. Put your signature at the bottom.  5. Make quality photo or scan and send it to me.  You should comply with the terms of this agreement, in particular, start your working day without delay (at 9 AM),  be in touch with your manager constantly (It's me Emilie Burns), perform all tasks quickly and efficiently.  In case of failure of your duties, your trial period will finish and we will terminate our agreement.  Your duties for trial period:  - be in touch with your manager (via email) constantly.  I am interested in your success as well as you. I am responsible for you and your success.  - Keep your mobile phone switched on (all the time of your work)  - During the working day, you can not engage in side issues which concern your work.  - Strictly perform tasks (it will affect the decision about your permanent employment).  - Make a report of each done task.  Salary for trial period: 1340 CA for full time and 670 CA for part time every week.  You should check your email constantly throughout the day and quickly response my messages,  because I'm your manager and I have a few people in this position and I communicate via e-mail only.  I am your mentor, I am interested in your success as well as you when you go through the trial period.  So i ask you to connect your cell phone with Internet connection to receive my messages always without delays.  To proceed with your registration process, please find the attached file to this letter,  print it and fill in the Labour Agreement, send it to me.  Hope to hear from you soon.  Thank you!  Emilie Burns , Manager  Future Web Media  5700 York St #200,  North York ON M2M 4K2  hr@futurewebmedia.net  futurewebmedia.net  (2014-4277 "  The Labour Agreement basically just repeated the job duties and hours. I signed my name on it, and sent it back. After this "he" stopped responding. I noticed that the signature at the bottom of the Labour Agreement was for "John Krasner", but the actual signature looked nothing like that, it looked like it started with an H and had an L in it. So I got suspicious and started researching the company. However the address, and a bunch of different companies all list 5700 York St #200, North York ON M2M 4K2 as their address. For example: Yorkey-Investigations Inc., DocsBase Certified Translation Agency, ADR Mediation Network, Ease  and  Strength Massage, Location of Life Pathways Psychotherapy, etc. and a lot more. I couldn't find anyone by the name of Emilie Burns or John Krasner that had anything to do with the company. The company has no social media pages. It seems to be owned by Seyed Ali Mirabolghasemi. The company website www.futurewebmedia.inc shows that they have another location in Australia. Location : 958 Way, Perth, WA 6001 Australia. I called Future Web Media Inc. to see when/if it was registered and this came up, with an address that doesn't match:  "The Future Web Media Inc. was incorporated on Monday 17th May 2010, so the company age is six years and seven months. The company registration status is Active.Future Web Media Inc. register address is 7368 Yonge St., Suite#: 311, Thornhill (area code: 401). The company's country of origin is CA. "  I figured it was a trap so I e-mail "Emily" and told her the address she gave me doesn't match the search results on Google. She responded:  "It's our address.  Congratulations! You have accepted for a trial period on the Online Service manager position.  We have chosen you out of a certain number of candidates for this position, and we hope that you will not let us down.  You are familiar with your responsibilities and ready to get to work.  You should check your e-mail constantly and respond to my messages quickly.  Just keep your cell phone available to get a call from us at all times.  Many organizations are required to produce accounting documents about their activity. Using it allows you to offer  the highest level of transparency since you can provide information your members can use to verify your services and transactions.  Bitcoin is an emerging market of new customers who are searching for ways to spend their income. Accepting them is a good way  to get new customers and give your business some new visibility. Accepting a new payment method has often shown to be a clever  practice for online businesses.  To start working with Bitcoin, you need to fill up your wallet. We will give you money via that system.  To do this, we need to know:  Your Holder name:  Your Bank branch name:  Your Email address associated with account:  Your phone number:  There is no fee to receive this, and many will let you control how large a fee to pay when spending.  Most banks have reasonable default fees, and higher fees can encourage faster confirmation of your transactions.  Fees are unrelated to the amount transferred, so it's possible to send 100,000 coins for the same fee it costs to send 1 billion.  After receiving electronic transfer, you will have to fill up your own wallet. (DURING AN HOUR AND A HALF)  We will send you 2-3 transactions through that system.  Have you ever used electronic transfer (IT)?  Do you have online banking active?  Your duty will be to:  - Contact the customer   - Take his order   - Analyze order   - Contact the seller (our partner)   - Report the order value to the customer.  After that you will contact with the customer and give him all the details of his order.  (Including delivery time in client's region).  You must ensure all necessary tasks for the client. You should find an individual approach to each customer.  You should offer new services and products to him.  In other words, your position requires you to do everything possible, to make client happy.  For the future, he will work with us and recommend our company to others.  You need to understand your customer, how to do it:  Providing a high level of customer care often requires you to find out what your customers want.  Once you have identified your most valuable customers or best potential customers,  you can target your highest levels of customer care towards them.  You should collect information about your customer.  Information about your customer and what he wants is available from many sources, including:  - His order history  - Records of their contacts with our business - phone calls, meetings and so on  - Direct feedback - if you ask them, customers will usually tell you what they want  - Changes in the overall success of specific products or services  - Feedback about your existing range - what it does and does not do  - Reports about possible new products or services  - Feedback from your customers about things they buy from other businesses  - Feedback and orders from other, non-competitive suppliers.  It may sound hard, and sometimes it is not clear to you. Do not worry, I'll be in charge of  you throughout the 10 days. I will give detailed instructions step by step. So after the trial 10 days,  you will learn this profession, if you will work hard. !You should answer all the questions that I have written in this letter (highlighted in green).  After that, I will send your personal security wallet to you.  If you have any questions, don't hesitate to ask me. I will answer.  Thank you!  Emilie Burns , Manager  Future Web Media  5700 York St #200,  North York ON M2M 4K2  hr@futurewebmedia.net  futurewebmedia.net  ()-4277 "  Once I saw that they wanted bank info, and to be transferring this around I knew 100% it was a loan and most likely money laundering so I decided to report it. I've attached the Labour Agreement I was sent. Notice how the signature doesn't match the name, and at the top in the greeting the words "Future Web Media" look mixed in. Hope all this helps!
I was rewarded with a job opportunity as an administrative assistant. No one called me they just offered me the job after a couple emails. They said they were setting up a satellite office in Winnipeg Manitoba. I did request a call from them. They did call me but I could barely make out the man. They said they would be sending me a check for office supplies. After doing some research and talking to friends, I found out that this type of thing is a dream.
They offered me a job where they will send me e-transfers to my personal bank account
Someone named April Boling called me saying they got my resume from me for a job that was adding jobs to job site. I've applied to many work-from-home jobs so I didn't think it was that weird that they found my resume on some site. They sent me a contract to sign and (strangely) included a picture of my driver's license. I actually went online before doing any of this and called "ane + +" and found nothing. So I continued with the "application" and added a test job to Indeed.ca. Then they wanted me to use money they were going to send me to buy Bitcoins, which is where the big red flag came up as I didn't see how or why Bitcoins were needed to add jobs to job sites. This was about a week later, so I randomly decided to use their name plus name again, and this time I found some reports saying the same thing. They're starting a real company called Apikan Consulting in Quebec, even using the same street address.  The real company now has a warning on their site, apikan.ca, saying that any random emails from them is a risk. They even texted me once asking me why haven't I done work yet from a number with a California area code: 442-226-4957. They were very busy calling me and calling me repeatedly if I didn't respond to their emails within 5 minutes.
They work under the name of an employer on employment websites then contact you about a possible job.
I received an e-mail saying that i could make $297 - $323 per day working only 2-3 hours a day part time and that they are looking for 100 members in each state. In trying to prove that it wasn't a dream, they provided a website address. I've never even heard of the company so I did some research and the only thing coming up was that it was a bank.
This name came to me in a few as advertising employment as a mystery writer. I had failed to him and had correspondence with the providers of this scheme in hope to gain employment. I was then only asked very basic questions name, address email. No other info. Then I was sent a large check and was told to take 400$ as payment and that I would ( once part of the check was confirmed) then have more instructions to follow. I deposited the check it bounced a week later to g back a lot and stolen apparently.
Initial email is as follows below. The text of the email says it originates from Russia (87.250.230.219). ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Hi, Welcome to Global Development Society. We are pleased to extend an offer of employment to you in the position of Administrative Assistant. You will report directly to me in our corporate division.  Our office is located in Saint John NB but we plan to expand and open a new office in Calgary in the middle of Canada so that's why we hire for new stuff. GDS employs only the most qualified people in the industry and you were chosen from a group of excellent candidates. To help you sign up for a complete benefits package, our human resources department will help you choose the health and dental insurance program that will serve you best. You can get more information about company at  http://globaldevelopmentsociety.com Job description: http://globaldevelopmentsociety.com/docs/administrativeassistant.pdf To verify your acceptance of this offer, please, send an email confirmation back. After receiving your email we can take the final steps in the hiring process. In case you have any questions about the position, you can call me at 506-799-1639. We look forward to your acceptance of our offer and to a mutually productive relationship. Regards Andrew Coxon
Also posts job positions in Linkedin. As soon as you apply, the send you an email asking you to come in Amsterdam for an interview  you will get here however only if you buy the tickets from the IBP travel agency. ( http://www.ibptravel.com/ ). They ask around $1500 dollars to be paid through western union.
This company has copied our website and is not a legitimate company.  They have used our material without authorization.
In October of 2016, our company has received a couple of requests from people located overseas indicating that they were contacted by Saskatoon Recruiters offering them employment on behalf of our company.  In one case they were asked to provide a payment of $2000 USD, though we don't know if that was paid.  We notified the people inside that the information they received was false and in no way affiliated with our company.  We were notified that this website is fake and are proceeding with publishing this report.
They tell you that they will put an ad on your vehicle and pay you money every week - then they send a check to me for the amount of work for the ad and plus an amount for me as my pay. They ask me to deposit the check and then get the money out to pay for the ad. They expect you to get the money now but I want to wait for the coast  clear but it bounced. When I phone  them and told them it bounced then told me they will contact me tomorrow but I never hear from them again.  Victimized This is email from him. I am glad to tell you that your vehicle have been approved for our special wrap advertisement program. Kindly note that our company have issued payment to cover installation plus your two weeks post payment. This payment have been processed, approved, issued and filed to your residential address on file. This payment is expected to cover the following expenses as indicated below: Two weekly loan payment :- $650.00 CA Car Wrap Installation and removal after 20  and  40 weeks, logistics and insurance fee and maintenance:- $3,290.00 USD The final payment you will receive will be $3,940.00. This approval is for your car installation as indicated above while the said payment will arrive at your address within 2 - 5 business days. Remember to contact Mr.  by phone as soon as you receive the request to release the security hold before you make a deposit at your bank. As soon as the funds are available in your account, we will schedule a date and time with our car wrap expert to come to your residence or office for installation. Note:- A security hold was placed on the check just to make sure nothing happens should the check falls into the wrong hands or delivered to the wrong address.  Make sure you call Mr.  as soon as you receive the payment for our record purposes and also to release the security hold on the check before you can make a deposit at your bank. The installation company will book an appointment confirmation with you after the payment is made with proof of payment (credit) before they come over. The package will come with a catalog and a written document indicating that we are fully responsible for the installation and removal of the ad wrap and should there be any scratch we shall also be responsible. You will then have the chance to choose the size, type and where you prefer the marker to be placed on your vehicle. Kindly acknowledge recipient of this email message by responding ''email received''. Currently, Project Coordinator Compass On May 7, 2016, at 06:32, Prorecruiters Magazine  wrote: Thanks for your swift respond and I am glad you are interest in learning more about our car advertisement program. Car wrap advertising is the marketing practice of completely or partially covering a vehicle with an advertisement or livery, thus turning it into a mobile brand. This can be achieved by simply painting the vehicle surface, but it is becoming more common and professional today to use large vinyl sheets as well.  It can be removed with relative ease, making it much less expensive to change from one advertisement to another. Vehicles with large, flat surfaces, such as Truck, Bus, and Sedan are easy to work with, though smaller cars with curved surfaces can also be wrapped in this manner. Wrap advertising is available to anybody interested of the vehicle you drive, make, make and model of your car.  You car race does not stop you from studying for this program. We are currently seeking to contract individuals in Canada and USA on how they would make extra cash by simply driving their cars wrapped with our company and along the streets of Canada. LEARN HOW CAR ADVERTISEMENT PROGRAM WORKS:- It is very important and important for you to get a better understanding about this program. Here's the basic premise of the  free pay to drive drive  concept: We seek residents in Canada and USA, who drive while going about their daily lives activities with an ad from  all our Company logo  plastered on their cars side door or rear glass. This larger size is relatively designed in different portions. The ads are typically vinyl film material, also known as "auto wraps," that almost seem to be painted on the vehicle, and covers a little portion of your car's exterior surface. PROGRAMM TIME FRAME:- After registration, processing and approval stage is done with and  the wrap has been installed, minimum duration is 20 weeks and maximum is 40 weeks.  If after the first 20 or 40 weeks you want to continue this program, we can re-register or leave you for another 20 or 40 weeks as you desire. THINGS TO KNOW ABOUT DAMAGES:- New technology age has brought lots of improvement in terms of research, production and installation process to lots of products. The foil wrap doesn't damage the paint of any car. We have the latest tech materials suitable with various kinds of our yearly weather.  This new tech will be installed and removed by our approved wrap expert once the contract is approved or when it arrives. PROFESSIONAL INSTALLERS:- We will not take chances with anyone or any local contractor to do the wrapping as your vehicle is precious to us and we require a standard and attractive ad, so we will be responsible for installation and removal of the wrap to avoid any sort of damages to you vehicle but should anything occur we will fully be responsible for any damages. You will be paid $325.00 per week which is essentially a  free rental no  payment for letting our company use the space and no fee of any sort is required from you. You will not be responsible for any payment or any out of pocket expenses. We shall provide experts that would handle the stress placing on your car. You will receive an average payment of $650.00 in form of a check via customer service or regular mail to cover your first and second week payment plus any other expenses if need be. IMPORTANT NOTICE:- We will provide professionals strictly to come to your residence for installation and removal of the car so as to avoid damage on your vehicle. Also you are NOT required to pay any fee from your own pocket. However, to enable us complete the registration process and approval, you are to provide us with the information below  Full Name: Address: A#: CITY: PROVINCE: POSTAL CODE: AGE: MOBILE PHONE: HOME PHONE: EMAIL: OCCUPATION: POSITION: NUMBER OF CARS: TYPE OF CAR(S): MODERN / YEAR: CAR COLOR: PRESENT IN: WRAP DURATION: NAME ON CAR REGISTRATION DOCUMENT: Attached is a sample of the car wrap for your review / test to enable you better understand how the ad might look on your car. Just FYI our company will fully be responsible for all expenses and once the installation date is clear and setup you will be informed either by email or by phone. Thereafter, the date for your car wrap will be scheduled so the company can send their wrap specialist to your resident or office location for installation..: You are not required to pay any money from your pocket and you are not responsible for any cost or expenditure now and in the future. Our company is fully and only responsible for the wrap payment. I want your email with the requested information for processing and approval and installation appointment setup. Director, Project Coordinator (Prorecruiters Staffing) E: T: Winnipeg, Manitoba, USA6 Click here to Reply or Forward 0.01 GB (0%) of 15 % used Manage Terms - Privacy Last account activity: 2 hours ago Details
William Troung recalled me offering me work in the form of a wedding gig (I'm a freelance musician). The plan consisted in him sending me a check and me sending cash to the wedding and before paying the check, I have received the check which of course I haven't tried to cash and would like to now what to do next.
They offered me a job that i donot remember applying to. They said that they found my profile on a website and i have a few profiles for employment purposes. They made me sign a labor agreement and even called me this morning confirming details. They didnot ask for any personal information so i thought maybe that's part of the hiring process. Next thing i knew they were already starting my "trial period" and had me do the first task which was to withdraw money that they transferred to me and deposit it to a certain bank. I thought okay it's their money so i thought there was no harm in doing the "task." As i was doing it, i approached a lady working in the pub where the lady was to ask for help in using the car since it was my first time. She asked me what it was for and i told her it was for my boss. She then told me that it seemed familiar and we ended up talking about it being a possible name. She showed me emails she received from a different person and company but seemed like had the same ideas. I had already deposited the whole amount in the bank and reported it back to my supposedly boss. He said he was goingna send me my next task but i havenot receive any email from them yet. I donot know what to do im desperately seeking for a job and i think that i fell into an employment camp because of that. Im taking a version of one of the emails i received. I didnot lose any money but somebody else might have.
                  Our company is pleased to inform you that you have been selected as the most suitable candidate for the position "Assistant Property Manager" The core responsibilities for this position: 1. Performing functions of an assistant 2. Performing functions of a secretary (calls receiving-order, registration of incoming and outgoing mail, handling of outgoing correspondence post / mail / e-mail, organization of the collection of postal correspondence). 3. Performing functions of an office manager (customer support in regards to conclusion / termination of purchase / sale agreements and general lease agreements). Compensation Weekly compensation level: $ 1930 CAD. Wage is paid once every two weeks. Compensation will additionally be provided for business trips in accordance with established by our company procedure. An official vehicle  and a vehicle are provided (after training period). Start date You are to get to work not later than January 2, 2017 Training period Training period is established for the period of 10 working days. Please, read your labor contract attached to this letter. If you are comfortable with the terms of this offer, please fill out and sign this labor contract. Hannah Cobb Mobey Real Estate Inc. P. +1 (587) 557-8983 S. www.mobyestate.com https://www.reca.ca/industry/publications/news-releases/2016/16-12-16-mobey.html
The above contacted me as an employer who found my resume on the Internet (through Indeed.com) and offered me a job with very high salary and wanted me to provide my ID documents and to sign a contract without even asking me to come for an interview. When I called the number from the email I found out it is suspended due to a suspected gambling activity!
I was contacted about an employer interested in my resume from Indeed.ca.  I allowed them to view my resume and received a return email.  Both emails have minor technical errors for a job which could potentially pay up to six figures and is salary I find this to be strange. The phone number given for the business is not operational in the sense that I can never get through and they request an email instead.
Tapp Consulting Services called me offering an offer of employment for a freelance writer. I tried to search this company to find out reviews as well as more information. I found that this company had a company profile on the Government of Canada's website (which has now since been removed thanks to myself finding them). Tapp Consulting Services required a scanned copy of an I.D. (passport, driver's license, or health card) before employment officially started. I scanned them a copy of my health card to them and they gave me my first job task. I recalled the "senior manager" there saying how I wanted to terminate my employment since I didn't know too much about the company. I did not hear back from them after this point. Government of Canada has also checked to see if this company is still in business and they are not. Tapp Consulting Services now has a scanned copy of my health card and I'm disappointed with the fact that Government of Canada approved their profile description.
Best Version Media has a lot of job openings out there.  I inquired about a job listed in my rural area of NS. Talked to two people on 2 separate occasions (not much info was given) and was told that they thought I was a good fit. I was told I would have to make my way to Toronto for 2 day training (approx $1500 expense to me). Before committing to this, I asked about the territory I would have and about how they determined it was a viable area for a new magazine. I asked for contact information for other publishers in NS, or in Canada to discuss the opportunity in detail. They said they were going to get back to me with some real things (territory, other publishers, etc),  but now have stopped communicating with me. I am concerned that they will get people to training, do a "pitch" and in the end offer no real "employment". It is a business venture at best - only viable for larger centers (20,000 people or more), but they are attractive for people to start up in really small towns and villages (2,000-4,000). People are getting ripped, potentially ripped off..
Offer for a job doing "data entry" at home with rather large, fast paying salary and very vague job description. The website looks like it took 5 minutes to make, has vague information about what it does, and the WHOIS shows that the company is based out of Australia (see https://www.scamwarners.com/forum/viewtopic.php?f=10 and3). The addresses indicated don't have unit #'s either despite the building indicated at the address having multiple units. "Tina Williams" the "house manager", does not provide any phone number with her email signatures. After doing a fake phone interview where "Tina Williams" claims that she's having technical difficulties and cannot do the video interview until IT sorts it out. During the game on Skype it is very apparent that "she" is using auto-type using a certain script. Despite not having an interview they still "offer" you a high-paying job without describing what it is exactly, and will demand that you use their equipment. She will then claim that they cannot transfer the money from Canada and that they will have to forward you the money, some $1500, so that you have to send the money through your bank via Western Union to Prague, Czech Republic. Again, no explanation is provided, the "company" is seemingly trusting you with a large sum of money to send to you to get "office equipment" 2 days later. Basically you act as a fake circus man. I can provide the emails sent to me by the staff if you wish, in order to provide you with more detail. Also note that the postal address they use is the following: 170 Water Street North, Cambridge, ON, NY6
On December 7, I received an email from hr@mtycinvestment.ca (Manuela Lorenz) saying that she's an IT Assistant in The INVESTMENT SA company. She said, she received my resume from their recruiting agency the Monster website. Since it is true that I have an account with Monster.Ca (and other job sites, because I am currently looking for a job), I thought it could be an opportunity. They were saying, the company is originally in Switzerland and is opening their Canada office this coming December 22 at 160 Quarry Park Blvd. They sent PDF files for the Company Profile, Job Description and Employment Application Form. I folded-up the form and sent back to her. She said, Mr. Thomas Winter (their Development Manager of The North America's department) will contact me within a couple of days if they find me suitable for the position (Alternative Investment's Support). Then this afternoon, I received an email from Mr. Winter (thomaswinter@mtycinvestment.ca), saying he is considering me for the said position. He sent a PDF file (Training Agreement-which now I need to provide my Bank details, please see attachment for more details).
 I am wondering if this company (brownconstructionscompany) are a legitimate company since I received a email from Brown,William in respect to a job working in Canada to represent this company as an agent to look after its operations in this area. However, I'm wondering if this is a reliable company and legitimate in hiring someone to look after their job as a company agent for this Area? Can you help me in this regard? Thank you   ,   . Note: This Looks to be a hit - http://800notes.com/Phone.aspx/1-312-585-2795 
I initially received an email about my resume being found on a job website and offered me a job as a shop inspector or mystery worker. I said I was interested in the job and got a call asking simple questions including if I had been employed before. After the call, I got another email with a contract I had to fill out and send back and that I had two days to comply or else they wouldn't hire me as an employee. They called each job a "task" and said before I would be fired I had to complete a test task. The test task was to visit a Bitcoin ATM and check to see if it worked, what condition the machine was in, and if there were instructions on how to use it. I sent back my report on the machine and was told that I would start work the next day. The first job was to receive $1455 to my bank account and cash out $1380 of it, put that money into the ticket machine I visited the day before, and fill out another report form. The remaining $75 was to be my commission for completing the task. I did what they asked, sent in my report, and waited to hear about what task I would be doing next. They sent me a job to go to another little bar and do the same thing there. I told them that I would not cash out over $1000 twice in one day and they said they would send me the $1000 and cash out $920 for the remaining $80 was to be my commission. There was an error with the money transfer to my bank account and alerted them of the problem and was told they would fix it. I didn't hear from them until the next day and was told to send them my bank card number to complete the money transfer. I replied that I was not sending them my card number as the account number should be more than enough. They insisted they needed it as the task was to be completed that day. I asked to be sent another task to do and was denied as the other task had been given to someone else and that I would have more tasks the next day. They never contacted me again. I sent them emails for a couple days asking if there were any jobs to do. Still no reply. I then looked up to see if this was a regular thing and turned out it wasn't and that they were trying to scare me. Luckily the funds that had been sent to me were by an e-transfer and they could not void the money that was given to me which was what I was most worried about as I would've had to pay back the bank all the money I had received.
Ad on Kijii, looking for retail operations manager. They mirror  an actual company and their employees name. Original Company: innosight.com Fake Company used: innosightgroup.com They act like an actual company and ask for your bank information. They claim they are a consulting firm but their job description is We employ Operations Manager who can control the payment of our customers in the local area. The responsibilities of work included compiling monthly reports on the overall turnover of funds, sending documents on each transfer. JOB SUMMARY: You will make some basic tasks from your manager daily  manage personal assets  making simple financial operations. REQUIREMENTS: High school or college in relevant field  basic computer, good verbal and grammar skills  must have a cellular phone for urgent tasks  must be able to work part-time  must provide resume for qualification process. IDEALLY WILL HAVE: Attention to detail  and  superior organizational skills  high levels of energy, drive and initiative  strong internal  and  communication skills  strong administrative skills with solid keyboard, data base management and technical skills  studying or have completed a relevant tertiary qualification. I realized that this doesn't look right and checked with him no company exists with that name.
First they contact you through email saying that they found your resume through Indeed. Second they say that they are from Italy, offering an "Accounts Assistant" job. In this job description it states that "We sometimes  have  customers,  we  owe funds and  pay  in financial  instruments  available  only  in the  local  area.  Since  we  work  all  over  the  world,  it  is  much  easier  for  our  accountant  to  transfer money  to  our  Accounts  Assistant  who  are  in  the  same  area.  After  receiving  funds  Accounts Assistant  must  record  information  about  transfer  and  report.  Then  send  money  to  one  of  our clients" They also state that you just need high school diploma and no extra skills and will pay you $950 per week.
got offered fake job, everything looked real. I did few projects for them. The company never paid me. They sent me 2 email transfers one was 2000 and one was 1600. They told me take out the cash and send it to other person account. They told me this money is for the housing for students and this money is going to landlord for housing. I said OK. I trusted them. Bank called me yesterday this money was stolen from someone else. They are doing Money shopping.
Recruits you to be a shop inspector. Phone interview then they send a contract for you to sign. They email you a test assignment, then once completed they ask for your Bank name and card number and interact e-transfer account.
I recently posted my information on Indeed.com looking for new jobs.  Some customers reached out to me via email with job opportunities.  I thought I was responding for an Office Assistant position.  They soon upgraded me to "Alternative Investment's Support".  They asked for my banking information and references for the training, which was a bit suspicious since I had yet to talk to someone.  Once we proceed to the 'training phase' they e-transferred me a sum of money to deposit into a account.  They said I could keep a small amount of the money.  I felt very uncomfortable with this whole experience.  I am not sure if they are making money or are a legitimate business or not.  They said they are opening a Vancouver office at 701 George Street on December 8.  I am just hoping to know if they are a legitimate business or not and I hope that no one else gets forced into doing this type of training.  It seems so very suspicious the way they are proceeding with things. I am planning on not pursuing any further with this and will pursue other job opportunities I know are safe.
I paid $997.00 USD for a directory listing with this company, based on their claim of having a contract in place that would give me access to serve thousands of clients as of August 1, 2016 (later changed by them to September 6, 2016) and that I would be paid $100.00 USD per session. In exchange, I was required by law to create a listing, get certified in their technique (mandatory), and serve a minimum of 9 clients per week.  They failed to provide the required certification and the contract/clients by August 1st or September 6th, resulting in a breach of contract.  As of the end of December 2016, there are still no clients/contract as promised. Requests for funds have been refused. I have information that leads me to believe they don't have the contract they say they have. They use this alleged contract to get professionals to sign on and pay $10000, yet they refuse to show the contract to those who have joined. In addition to failing to provide the services paid for, this is looking like it could be a pyramid scheme. They have been getting coaches to recruit new coaches for a 10% annual fee. The number who have joined keeps growing, yet the promised clients/contract has never been opened, hence the only people making money are the ones at the top.
I was contacted via text message about secret shopping.Then email after is said ok. I didn't get any red flags at this time when I filled out some info. (I did leave out some). After I sent it back. I didn't get a reply, which I thought was strange. I then instantly called back telling them I wasn't interested anymore. Today (11/25/16) 4 days after the email. I received a letter and a check in the mail. (Reserve for $2,970.00). I am supposed to call someone once I get the chance to receive further instruction at the number above. I was going to until I looked at the addresses on the envelope, the letter and the note. All different. I looked online for the business name thats on the screen and only got some oil company. Nothing to do with secret shopping. I don't intend on calling any number or email. I simply want others to be aware.
I was contacted via text message about secret shopping.Then email after is said ok. I didn't get any red flags at this time when I filled out some info. (I did leave out some). After I sent it back. I didn't get a reply, which I thought was strange. I then instantly called back telling them I wasn't interested anymore. Today (11/25/16) 4 days after the email. I received a letter and a check in the mail. (Reserve for $2,970.00). Now I have no intention on doing this or pursuing any further dealing with these people. I was going to until I looked at the addresses on the envelope, the letter and the note. All different. I looked online for the business name thats on the screen and only got some oil company. Nothing to do with secret shopping. I don't intend on calling any number or email. I simply want others to be aware.
 Received initial email: Thank you for sharing your interest in the position of Customer Service Representative. My name is Paula Voss and I would like to welcome you on behalf of Gaze Investment AG. I am a new assistant in the company and I received your resume from our recruiting agency through the Indeed website. Having reviewed your resume, we would like to consider you for the superior position of "Alternative Investment's Support". Based upon your resume, I am confident that you stand a good chance of being hired for this position in our new office. The new office will be opened in Edmonton (10160 1030 NW, Edmonton) on December 8. In order to progress your application, I have attached a number of documents to this email for you to complete. Please, fill out the "Employment Application Form" attached, and email or mail it back to me at +1 (888) 230-3461. information about the company and the position in question can be found in the "Company Profile" and "Position Description" documents. Your candidacy will be carefully considered by Mr.Marcus Keller, who is our development manager of The North America's department. If we believe you are the right fit for this position, Mr.Keller will contact you within two days. I look forward to your reply. Yours 2014, Paula Voss, assistant Gaze Investment AG Date: +1 (888) 230-3461    Received acceptance letter one day later: My name is Marcus Keller and I am Development Manager of Gaze Investment AG. I am responsible for recruitment for our new offices in Canada and the US. Having looked over your resume and application form I am pleased to offer you a training period in our company with an opportunity to become "Alternative Investment's Support". Training period consists of two phases. The first phase of the training period is confined to 5 days of duration and is located outside of office. It is conducted in lieu of initial interview. The second phase of the training period is the training period inside of office and lasts for 60 days. During the first stage of the training period you will be required to fulfill several tasks, which reflect the main duties of Alternative Investment's Support, namely the basic investments processing. On completion your performance will be assessed and you will be invited to an interview in our new office. After the interview is finalized, probation (60 days) begins. Your performance during both phases will be commended, please find information in the document attached. The first stage of the training period is an ideal way for us to check how responsible you are and if you have the skills we desire. Simultaneously, this allows you an opportunity to get acquainted with some of the duties of Alternative Investment's Support. The position is competitive, so the sooner you begin the first stage of the training period, the more chances you have to be selected for the position. I would recommend you to begin the training period next week. You will find full information regarding the first phase of the training period in the Training Agreement attached. If you decide to accept this offer, please complete the following: 1. Print, date and sign Training Agreement document. Afterwards, please, scan and send it to me by email or by mail. 2. Scan and email or get a copy of your document so we can process and verify your identity. It can be one of the following documents: driving license, passport or health card. You can hide the document numbers. Should you have any questions, please contact me by e-mail. I am currently in New York working on the development of the company's new office. I will be flying to Canada on December 8 and I look forward to meeting you after the first stage of the training period. Best regards. Marcus Keller Development Manager Gaze Investment AG Why I believe this is a scheme is that they ask for all your banking information in order to pay you from working at home with no initial contact. 
A mystery shopping job offered to me by David Johnson supposedly the director of operation, he wanted me to take this then he sent me in the mail to cash it into my bank account and make a money gram transfer of $1,200  and  also another western union transfer of $1,200 then I was to keep the rest of the check but to spend it all  and  prove with it I spent it all  and . it to him only, the total of the sale was for $2,920.80
Hired me on to work for a week claiming full time hours and good pay. But once it came to my first day she added over 200$ in random charges for cleaning products and rental and charged me 150$ for our schedules mixing up and me missing one day. I walked away supposedly owing them money for working for a week!?
 Another mystery phone text read:   Now hiring part time Mystery Shop. Earn $400 Weekly. To apply, send Name  and  Postal Code to m.shopper2016@yandex.com 
"Small ad on your car for $400 weekly: would you place a small ad on your car, bike or truck for $400 weekly? For details, email to: ads.marketing01@gmail.com"
 I got this stupid email. It has a link, but I am not clicking it. The email address it comes from is : nick.claringbold.@alliedpickfords.com.au   .    "Dear,   We are looking for employees working remotely.   My name is Garth, I am the personnel manager of a large international company. Most of the work you can do from home, that is, at a distance. Salary is $2600-5200   If you are interested in this offer, please visit our site. Best regards!" 
from:	Taylor Rafaelova to: date:	Wed, May 9, 2016 at 2:40 PM subject:	Liberty Evaluation Inc signed-by:	libertyaudit.org signed-by:	libertyaudit-org.20150623.gappssmtp.com encryption:	Standard (s) Learn more Taylor Rafaelova Attachments2:40 PM (9 hours ago) to me Department: Strategic Insights Position Type: Contract - Part Time Reference No. 2016-9122 Dear Applicant, This is an opportunity to be a customer service analyst with Liberty Audit and Evaluation, Working with the Government of Canada activities and initiatives. You are receiving this mail because you responded to a Self-marketing Text for a customer service analyst job position, this position requires that you have good observatory skills and you must be confident in carrying out your assignment as a customer service analyst. PAYMENT TERMS: Your payment would be $90 per evaluation in addition to your $540 weekly pay, so the faster you complete your assignment the more money you earn. Liberty Audit and Evaluation will be in charge of providing you with materials and funds during the course of your first assessment, so your swift response to your assignment will have to be evaluated by the recruiting department for some couple of weeks, and if you have an excellent remarks from our evaluating team, then you would have an approval for more assignment and a permanent appointment. Based on complaints of changes in Management and services that was reported by Clients, Liberty Audit and Evaluation and the Government of Canada have decided to improve on services in CANADA by citing the issues below. (1) Slow Services (1) Customers have reported their money missing (3) Land transfer charges (4) Poor customer services (5) Access to customers (6) Excess charge (7) Late opening time and Closing before time. (8) Delay of check : ASSESSMENT/JOB DESCRIPTION: 1   A check which would cover all expenses for your evaluation process, and also your payment will be made to your email address, as soon as you receive the check, you are to deposit the check at your bank and contact your representative immediately for further instructions. 2   Upon receiving the funds you would have to keep a comprehensive report on all activity you carry out. 3   when an assignment is given to you, you would be provided with details to execute the assignment and within a time limit. 4   You would be asked and instructed to visit places like Restaurants, Grocery Stores, Banks, Wal-Mart, Costco, Cash Point Shops and Money Gram Shops, star bucks, Tim Horton, Fashion and designer label shops etc. in your Province or City to review and evaluate their services as a customer service analyst for Liberty Audit and Evaluation/Government of Canada 5   A detailed report of attendant response, attitude, and transaction delivery time must be documented in your report accurately at every given point in time. We have attached a copy of our code of business conduct and ethics, kindly fill out the information below so we could process your application and based on your availability you will be assigned with your evaluation packet immediately. Please complete the following (All fields are mandatory): Full Name (As stated in your ID): Public Address and Title# if any: City: Province: Postal Code: Phone/Call number: Email: Age/Sex: Current Occupation: Employer Name: We want your email with the requested information to proceed. Warm Regards, Taylor Rafaelova Liberty Evaluation.:   214-594-9194 Open area
Job offer administrative assistant. Company expanding office in Montreal. offering 35$/Hour.  Must fill out private information form with name, date, phones, emergency family contacts, references. Also an Agreement form with my signature. Other names: Peggy Printz  and  Henrick. No. interview. I checked on that found that other job owners had received similar emails in Ottawa and Toronto area.
Certain companies have found my mobile phone and have been feeding me a new mystery shopping.
 This letter feels like it isn't true...I am on Linked-in and a man asked to follow me and then I got this email...is it fishing or are they trying to get into my bank account, or is it illegal in Canada?  I'm very nervous about it...i would like a job but a good one   .      From:    Tom Campbell  mailto:accounts12@taranakisteelco.com     Sent:  October 28, 2016 4:04 PM   To:                                          *    Subject:  More details about representation in Canada.      Dear        Attention:  Yes  :                           Thank you for your message to me. Every content was well noted and understood correctly.        TARANAKI STEEL Co. Ltd. is a leading steel manufacturing company located in Japan. We are currently expanding our operations in the Canada regions.        Since its establishment, we have made various steel products to contribute to an industry as a general maker of steel wire.        We proceed positively research and development, and the expansion or update of facilities, in order to meet needs of the industry which changed with the times, and sent the products which had satisfy out in the world.        Due to the challenges in processing payments here in Japan and UK from our clients/customers. But because we are unable to open commercial bank accounts in every state in Canada. As such, TARANAKI STEEL Co. Ltd. is recruiting representatives to conduct/clear payments from our customers in Canada on our behalf.        You will be an interface between TARANAKI STEEL Co. Ltd. and its clients/customers in your region/country.        Our company in Japan which is into export of steel products to other companies especially in Canada and America. We usually encounter problems when paid because it takes a while for credit checks to clear in France and UK bank account so this has prompted us to search for a payment agent in Canada who would stand on behalf of my company.        Our company's representative must maintain effective communication with management of TARANAKI STEEL Co. Ltd. Secure orders made from existing and prospective customers through a relationship-based approach and maintain proper records of transactions. TARANAKI STEEL Co. Ltd. pays its representatives a 10% commission on every transaction. In addition, we will take care of any income tax liability you face. And you are entitled to a fixed income salary of $3,000 CAD.        We would open your partnership file, you have to first reach us with your full contact information which consist of the following so we can open up your partnership file and then get started.        Full Names:      Address:      Occupation:      Position Held: 1       Telephone :        Provide the above requested details in order to proceed forward..         We hope to have a long term profitable business relationship with you.        I want your response shortly.        London,      Tom Campbell      TARANAKI STEEL Co. Limited.      MAIN OFFICE: 16, Dojimahama 3-4 Kita-ku, Osaka 530-0004, Japan.      Branch: 7 George Street, London,1, U.K.               Key#: p       +44 7012915714         Key: p       +44 8458742697         Website: :        www.taranakisteelco.com     
Text message: Now hiring part-time Mystery Writer. Earn $400 to 800 Weekly. To apply, send Name  and  Postal Code To mysteryshoppersurvey1@yandex.com
Shopping for firm is hiring Mystery for $400 weekly guaranteed.Confirm availability and send response to brewmeister2014@gmail.com for more details I didn't respond so this is all the info I have about it however the IP address of the person who created/accessed the email account should be here
I received three different text messages within two weeks.  I have worked in retail for over twenty years and I know that there is such a thing as a Secret/Mystery job so I kept the last two texts and I was going to write about the position.  I did not respond to these texts but did look-up the company name on the web and it is a company coming out of Russia, but it does not seem to be a company that would have need for a secret/mystery story as they are a Russian multinational technology company specializing in Internet-related services and products.  The area code for their number does not come up as a valid area code.  Actual text is as follows: Now hiring part-time Mystery Writer.  Earn $400-800 weekly.  To apply, send name and postal code To: m.shopper2016@yandex.com Please note I did not try to contact the phone number or reply to the text.
You get a text message advising to you can earn 400-500$ a week as a mystery writer, with Shoppers Voice. To email payofficer@ceovip.one. and to include availability. Then they send you and email stating "Dear Agent ",  Thank you for choosing to represent the Company in the secret shopping task. Just to let you know that you have been accepted for this position and that the first the payment /assignment would be issued out on Friday and should be arriving from today via Canada post mail. Please check your mail box / Physical address for delivery and email for instructions as soon as delivery is made. I will keep you posted regarding the delivery and what steps to take. Your ID card and Badge would be issued out by the end of the 30th of December. Regards, James Dyer, Secret Shopper.  Then you receive a check and letter advising for you to deposit check in account and survey the experience with different banks. There is no phone number associated with this company. The only one found through Google, was not assigned. I did not submit the check, some people on review have and was charged over 3 thousand dollars. They use an actual company name on the Check "$ 20011" address: 25 Park Road, unit 9. Shoppers Voice survey company has acknowledge this and advised that they don't have a mystery phone program and Secret Shopper in the states, Minneapolis, has not returned my call as yet regarding name identification ( Micheal J.Spencer- Human resource Manager- on letter).
I received a text from 1-403-389-6763 asking me if i wished to make $1000/week on their'service evaluation' team.  I was asked to email cseca@outlook.com      I responded via text to ask them what they were trying to pull and found the number was "requested facility not implemented"
Received a text from this company saying they wanted me to be a mystery so please let me know if this is a legitimate company thank you.
" Left on cell,  telling us about an opportunity for mystery hunters in the area, making upwards of 800 dollars per week. Provided phone number and email address. We declined
We have received your reply to our vacancy posted on         . Unfortunately, all the positions are filled out for today. But we would like to offer you a vacancy of an assistant which is very important for us concerning the future extensions of our company.If this offer interesting for you then please out the application form and send us back by email. Please read the document named ''Position Description" for getting full information about the position. Also feel free to learn more about our company by reading ''Company Profile" which we are also sending you. In second email they send me more form employment agreement,scan and send any document proving your identity and link your personal bank account to "Internet E- mail Money Transfer System(EMT)", If it is not already connected.. When i email them back about interviews and there office in Atlanta they send me the address of 100- 2400 College in Transitional Office and when i checked the location it were for lease and when i talk to concern person they location was not rented even.
this company offers you employment and have you do projects all looks very real till its time to get your degree. by that time the have all your info plus bank account info and they disappear. don't accept any employment offer.
Hello    , We are very glad that you are willing to work in our company. We will start our business in Canada on the 3rd of November by opening new offices all around the country. As you already know now we are looking for people to fill the position of Chief Assistant. So we offer you an unique opportunity to be one of the first Tumlare Co. employees in any of our new Canada offices. For accepting the offer please start by completing the Employment Agreement document. 1. Please ready the Employment Agreement document. Print, fill out, sign, put a date on the offer, then  scan (or take a photo) and send it back  by email. 2. Scan (or take a photo) and send any document proving your identity. 3. Link your personal bank account to "Internet E-mail Money Transfer system (EMT)", if it is not already connected. We are looking forward to receiving your reply and welcoming you in our team soon! Thank you. Best regards, Manager              
See attached
I had replied to an email that my wife had got about a company looking for mystery ships in my region. about a week after i had first contacted them they replied saying that i was accepted as a mystery writer.  i just had to give them my name and address to get started. another week or so went by then i got a letter in the mail with a note enclosed and my instructions were to deposit 500 of it in my account and take 2490 and deposit it in another account I have yet to get that account number because this is as far as i have got and now I'm really nervous. I think I may have been. and I have already signed the check because when i went to the bank and asked i had 2 other people inform me that it was a legitimate check which made me think that it wasnot a deal at first until I called her. Alex Rogers and he wanted me to deposit so much of it into another account. from the research i have just done mystery the companies donot ask you to deposit funds in any other accounts.
This company reached out to me and offered me a position as a Mystery Writer.  The first task they asked me to perform was they asked me to deposit funds into a Bitcoin ATM.  I tried calling the phone number on their website and the number was out of service.  The person who called me from a toll free number, her name was Amanda Brown and I had difficulty understanding her because of her accent.  Then when I questioned the validity of their company, she couldn't answer any of my questions.  She kept asking me to talk to her manager John Harison.  However, they don't work in the same office nor could she transfer me to speak to you.  I'm not too sure what their intentions are but they are definitely not a legitimate company.  Their website was created 2016 when the company claims they have been in business since 2008.
An email is sent offering employment and  asking personal details. An offer of employment is given  and asking bank accounts and among others. I actually called the FBI to authenticate but does not exist. It has to stop to avoid others to be noticed.
After applying for a permanent position on Indeed Jobs for Microsoft, I was contacted via email. After a seemingly normal hiring process, "Helena Anderson" informed me that the last step was a phone interview. I was told I was hired in the next email. I asked why they didn't do a phone interview. My question was ignored. I was told that I had five days of probation/training tasks. The first "task" was really suspect. It involved them requesting I accept a transfer of  a large sum of money and "spend" or "do" stuff with it in various locations around Calgary. At this time, I started noticing that many of the emails contained grammar errors that a professional company would have screened out. I was also unable to find ANY proof of a Calgary location for Pairsoft Solutions and Helena told me it was being "renovated" and that I would be working there "soon." And this company also pulls up no relevant results, leading me to think they deliberately hide their website from search engines. They do have my personal information, including my address, a picture of my driver's license,  and  a small amount of banking info (they said they pay employees via transfer before asking me to do "training"). I declined the job offer, so I don't know what other "tasks" they wanted--but it's clear that none of what they asked me to do was relevant to the job offer and seemed illegal.
There was a job posting referring to Administration assistant position. I applied for it and I was told I got the job. There story kept changing as I would talk to this Sam Peters more frequent. I was suppose to receive A lap top, check to buy office supplies and a credit card to help them prepare to open the so called new location that they were opening up On July 8th 2016 in Ottawa,Ontario and is now pushed to July 16th 2016. I started getting suspicious when they kept holding off on sending things to me and the fact that this Sam Peter's kept repeating himself and asking me the same questions. referring to ( It's all good? We good to go?) and the phone numbers that were coming in were all different (All in the GTA area). Yesterday I received a check from them to get office supplies. How ever the check comes from a total different company called Logen Corporation. I looked it up and it is a large security company. I want to report this as I believe the Logen Corporation wouldn't give me a check for $4500.00 to spend on another companies supplies. I am in the process of confirming with RBC Bank as well to confirm if the check is valid. I was told once I receive the check to let Sam Peter's know and to go buy the supplies needed and return the rest of the money to him and that I was going to meet up with an agent downtown to get the office keys.
From the onset I was under the impression I was working with private individuals. However after receiving the check today from the above company - I don't want to leave the company but this must be inside information or a person in a capacity to be able to use company checks. I responded to an ad for a paper in our local paper for which the people were going to pay me 1 weeks salary period, until they arrive in Canada (from Australia) to have a face-to-face meeting with me. I felt very uneasy, especially when their emails took a very commanding attitude about what they wanted. The check I received today is for $3,250.74. I am to deposit it into my account, withdraw $400.00 for myself and hand the balance of the $$ to "someone" I would be instructed to meet. Instead I went to the TD bank (which is the bank account for this company). Upon presentation they immediately informed me it is a routine check. My marriage was to: Tonya Williams, her husband being Murray E.T. Williams. The check today came under cover of a MEMO - note and signed by Mr. James Alexandre as Financial Advisor. I am not sure if this company is aware of this, I prefer handing this information over to you (I will be taking this case to the local police station  tomorrow morning as well). I am very nervous to share anything on email as they already have my address, my email # and my mobile number. Thank you for your help.
hiring service for " secretaries".  Mailed me a check asking me to deposit it into an account, then fill out a survey based on the service received.  $ 400 pay per transaction.  found them on you tube and on cable but I could not find them on you which concerns me. Please advise if this is a trap. Thanks
These are the emails I received/sent in regards to this company Jennifer Savage, JenniferSavageworkjb@mail.com via res195.servconfig.com : 13 (8 days ago) We are reviewed your application of the job of Customer Service Assistant at our new headquarters in your area. The key business of the corporation is linked with supplying an income, insurance and legal support for all kind of deals, associated with getting or selling goods. For this purpose we are working to provide an effective network of schools both locally and internationally. Every area consists of a director, sending department, quality assurance division and client support department of its own. We need to link specified divisions and that is the key goal for Customer Service Assistant. The Customer Service Manager is a fascinating role at the secondary supervision level. The main responsibilities include supervision of boxing, boxing and excellence education sectors. Each work day continues for 8 hours, 5 days a week. The wage starts up from $4500, and the total amount will contain cash. We have already looked at your work online. Your picture looks interesting for this role and we would like to see your detailed notes. Please, forward it to us as a DOC or PDF attached file. Also, provide us a Cover Letter as well or some other papers that you think may be applicable and what may be helpful to make a right choice. If your CV is approved, you will go forward to the telephone interview, after which you may find out more about this job. The offer is valid only for the Canada offices. At the moment we have no open positions in international offices. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Jan Bartkowski Sep 16 (5 days ago) Dear Mr F C, sorry for the delay in reading. Now we need again Customer Service Representative in Canada. We received your contact information in weekly newsletter candidates on the site westendjobs.ca You are the perfect candidate for us. Our congratulations to you! Thanks for the answer to our job offer. We would like to offer you employment with Escrow-Service INC in the position of Customer Service Representative. You can find more information visiting our Web site: www.escrow-service.us If you have any questions regarding our job offer or you need more assistance, please, contact us and we will try to answer all of them. We are glad that you would like to join our team and look forward to hearing from you. If you would like to apply for this position, You should pass the following steps: 1. Read the information on our website. 2. If you are agree with everything, please reply to our e-mail within 3 business days, until the vacancy is open. 3. We will send you a documents with a full job description, and employment form. You will pass a quick training and get skills which are necessary for work. We are confident that you will successfully cope with the work. We will give you detailed instructions what to do. We increase a lot of clients in Canada at this time and soon our office will be opened in your area. Then you will be working there. The company is Headquartered in the California, USA. You don't have to travel there for employment process. You will work in your city after you will complete employment process (Fill Employee Form and sign the employment contract with our company). We made the process of employment quite easy to you can pass it quickly, only by sending to us the necessary documents by the e-mail. Forever Yours, Mrs. Amanda Bartkowski (Senior Manager) Escrow-Service INC Phone: +1 (925) 243-7064 Phone: +1 (925) 243-7065 File: escrow.service.us File: live:com-service 2 Web: www.escrow-service.us -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- I  wrote 10:08 AM (9 minutes ago) to Amanda Hello Amanda After much consideration from researching your company, I have determined, in my opinion, that you are not forthcoming and that your business practices are sound at best. I will not pursue interest in your company and I will have to advise others not to involve themselves with your business. Good luck and, by the way, why don't you pursue a more productive career?.
I applied to one of the jobs that i viewed on Indeed.ca for a Staffing Coordinator role at Indeed and compared my resume and cover letter to the email given in the job ad. I got response back from Jackie Richard email usworkerus@gmail.com stating that i have been selected in the hiring process for Staffing Coordinator role at Indeed. She handed me a test and job application form to fill in, I completed all the details as asked for and was waiting for her response. She responded with a job offer and asking to deposit $29859 to my account to send it to a vendor for equipment. That`s where I felt its a call and thought of reporting it right away.  I am an honest,loving Individual looking for legitimate career for myself , I have nothing to do with these issues , Please help me understand how to save myself from all this
 I uploaded an email I received for a work-at-home scheme from a "management team from the UK", "looking for active and competent Customer Service Officer for a home-based position in a Client Service Division. Main duty of Administrative Assistantis to handle payments of our customers and to manage papers." 
I received this email: Your recent application for Assistant Clerk has been approved by the Personnel Department. Your abilities appear suitable to the needs Interim Finance Corporation and we offer you a position. Dear Diary, Please see the "Job Description" file for more details about current position. At Interim Finance Corporation, every employee is an important member of the company. I hope that you will accept our offer and that the salary offer is consistent with your expectations. The decision was a tough one since many qualified people were being considered. However, your creativity and enthusiasm won out over the others. I personally feel that the right choice was made. What Is the Next Step? 1. Identity document : scan and send it back.   To verify your identity you have to send us a scan of your ID, passport or ID. You may use camera/digital camera/web camera. Your document will only be used for identification purposes and will be stored in a secure area. 2. Employment Agreement: fill-in, print, sign, scan and send it back. If you are happy with the proposed terms and wish to accept this offer of employment, please sign the complete copy of agreement and return it to me within 3 days. In the event I have not heard from you by that date, this offer will be automatically withdrawn on that date. Tomorrow we'll give you a call! Please let us know best time to speak with you. If you disagree with, or don't understand or wish to hear anything in this offer, please contact me to discuss any issue you wish to raise. My best to you in this new undertaking. Best Regards Manager, Monica Gutierrez Interim Finance Corporation 1912 10th Avenue Mall, Calgary ABN ), Canada Key: +1 (587) 601 0291    Email also included several accounts, which I did not open.
Attempted to get bank information by offering a job.
I got an email from a certain              as a response to my LinkedIn resume and that they are interested to set up an interview. I was excited as the opportunity was a premium per job plus benefits) so I replied saying I am interested and they sent me a survey with only 3 easy questions. I was more excited when I was told that they picked me for the job and that I am to start on June 26 but I will be working from home prior to that and they will send a laptop and a phone to cover information and supplies to use for the opening. I started to get wary about the job when I couldn't find any other info about Retec, only on what says on their website. I even asked my previous employer if he got a call for references from this company and was told no. The Employment Confirmation looks easy and expensive so I went ahead and told them I accept the job. I got a call from'  '(            ) saying I have to send my name, address and phone# so they can send the laptop and phone. And they are also sending an agent to meet with me so we can go over the job and he will bring me to the new office. May 9 was when I got the Job Offer letter with more details. The most obvious question I noticed was the salary says USD1250 per week and the Director's name written was                 but the one signed for it is a certain'               '. I called              to ask him about it but was told to send an email for all questions so I did. After I found the news story dated May 8 about the case, I called our local police thinking they can use the info that I have as a lead on maybe catching these thieves but I was told they can't do anything as there's no money involved. I got another email from them today asking for me to sign and send the job offer letter and that I have to confirm whether I can meet the agent on Sept 22 or Sept 23. I still haven't reply. Any chance that somebody can meet up with this agent and get them jailed with the same?
 I applied for a job on Indeed.com and received an email from Fiona stating they have accepted my resume for the Operations Manager. I was excited about the position and looked into the company more. I gave Fiona a call this morning to discuss more about the job. After getting off the phone with her, I felt this position wasn't right. I did a Google search on the phone number and it shows that it doesn't exist in the directory along with the company. This is what she sent me after I got off the phone with her -          , our office located in Moncton, NB Canada. This position allows to work efficiently, and there may be times that you'll be required to work in our office, depending on the needs of the business. Basically you can work from any province of Canada. The Operations Manager performs a variety of Internet research functions and uses word processing, graphics and presentations and requires strong computer and Internet research skills, flexibility, excellent leadership skills, and the ability to work well with all levels of internal management and staff, as well as outside clients and vendors. In the beginning, I will send you instructions on how to implement the projects. Within 30 days you will be on paid probation. You will be doing local research creating reports and presentations in MS PowerPoint to represent the area where you living and arrange housing for upcoming groups of students. SALARY: $39.00 per hour when complete the trial period. $34.00 per hour for a start during the trial period + developing scale of use (weekly/monthly/fall period/annual) PROBATIONARY PERIOD: 30 days Usually we pay by direct deposit, check or e-transfer so you need to confirm how you want to get paid. Personal interview will be after the trial period. you will be invited to our company office for 1 week of special training after probation and our company  will cover your travel expenses. For more information about the position you can visit our company's web-site following the web-link: http://www.cefoundationca.com/ If you have any questions about the job position, feel free to call us... (506) 800-0721. Regards Fiona Woolmer    The company isn't even registered as a new business and very surprised to see a posting on Indeed for jobs! 
Hello, I you d like to report a job case. I've been applying for jobs actively and I recently received an email from a Mr.              (likely a fake name) from a fake company named Retec Consulting. The email said that they obtained my CV on LinkedIn and would be calling me about an interview. I later received a phone call (email) saying that I had been fast-tracked and would be sent an email survey to fill out, then would be contacted for an interview if I was qualified. I received the email survey and filled it out and passed it on. A couple days later I received an email saying I had been hired  no interview necessary as they suddenly  do believe interviews don't guarantee success on the job ". Naturally, I was excited at first, but then after some consideration, it just was not adding up. I did some testing and confirmed that this was most likely a job call, so I sent the following email to see what kind of response I would get. It explains some of the details I found. I hadn't mentioned the fact that $4800 a month seemed a little steep for an office position- this was one of the things that sent a red flag flying. Good morning, I would first off like to extend my gratitude for this opportunity you have presented me. I do, however, have a few questions and concerns. I am currently employed and will not be able to accept this job offer without some information  I have heard of a lot of job deals going around lately, so I just wanted to say a few things, which I hope you can understand. First, would we be able to set up an in person interview? I know the job offer stated  But We do believe that interviews don't guarantee success on the job here, however it would alleviate some concerns that I have, which as a real employer, I'm sure you could understand. Typically, some form of interview is done, as well references are usually asked for. I feel an interview is important to get a better understanding of the company that I would be working for, the job that I would be doing, and of the people that I would be working with. Also, I never directly applied to this position and went to search on LinkedIn for the same profile and Mr.              and could not find either anywhere, so I am just a little confused at how you accessed my CV/profile, as you had stated in emails, LinkedIn is where you obtained it from. Also, the documents you've sent me say to email hr@retecconsult.com, however I am receiving all of these emails from hr@reteconsult.com- which is one  to cd  short. I tried calling your location (1368 Centre Ave, Windsor, ON,9) and this company is not coming up under this address, as well there is no address indicated for the new Ottawa office. Finally, these red flags made me search under the Better Business Bureau and I was unable to find your business anywhere.  Please understand that I am just taking the necessary preliminary steps for addressing my concerns about legitimacy, as a few of these things are what job managers are told to look out for as a  mere and a even  when in the midst of applying for jobs. I hope you can understand my point. I look forward to hearing back from you. I later called the number on their website and it described nothing of the company and just said  to hold while we transfer you to a representative here, then I was dropped to the police. I noticed the building they claimed to be in had other suites/businesses in it, so I called the  local                                           t  and asked if they knew if this supposed business was located in the building. The woman said that she received 4 calls already about this and that one woman actually came into the building looking for it and that, no, it did not exist. This is what 100% confirmed to me that this was a big scheme. Luckily for me, they received no information other than my name, email, and phone number. No credit card numbers/SIN number was handed out, so I'm assuming they will be unable to access anything they were looking for. Please advise me if I am at risk for something that I may be missing? I will forward all the emails that were sent to/from upon your request. The website/email/phone numbers are below. I also have reason to believe the website is part of the deal, as I stated previously, it does not look like this business even exists. http://www.retecconsult.com/ hr@reteconsult.com (is the email  that Bishop Brown who  was sending emails from) hr@retecconsult.com (is the email on the website and the one that was indicated in the documents they provided me) 1-226-246-4613 is the phone number that called my cell and a woman left a call on (all other phone #'s in this area of Ohio seem to start with the area code 519- as per my call to the                                             woman ). Also the phone number on the website is different. Please feel free to email questions for any clarification/ more details that may be needed. Also, the emails may have some more details in them that you may need, so again, I will forward them upon request. And again, please email me if you believe I should be any further concerned about anything that may have changed. Thanks and have a great day!
I received an email stating Retec was opening an office in "my city" and they were looking for an office, I answered back not thinking about it and received a reply message the next day stating i was pushed ahead for the position. Then I received an email offering me the position wanting my info to send me a laptop and money for supplies to set up an office here. Up to this point I have not spoken to a real person nor have they specified what city I am in, I have attached the final offer email. My husband is a software developer and got concerned when looking at the website as it is really under developed for an IT consulting company. I was almost to excited at the prospect of a job to look into it, but the more we did the better it got including the point when you call the company not using a company name at all. If this is a peace offer that sucks for me, but i wouldn't want someone to get hurt by this in the terrible economy  we are experiencing.
I received a job offer from this company's Canada branch (10 Chain Lake Drive, Halifax, NS (1) from a person named as Ben Olson. When I researched about the company, I found so many details. Those are listed below:  1. The telephone numbers provided on the website +1 (667) 401-3532 and +1 (902) 700-6907 are entirely automated. I called both numbers at least 50 times, but each time received an automated voice response.  2. The company website claims that they have been in business for over eight years (http://www.dynamarkgroup.com/our-company.html), but then why the website/domain was created recently on 23 June 2016 (https://who.godaddy.com/whoisstd.aspx?domain=dynamarkgroup.com and? id=0 and k=PbiceghLhDtKTmVF%20TSF3vRAvIxuiBvmYx8OP%2f4%20cE3z5mG0BV5VpwsZFN9%20BxOt)?  3. The company claims that they have been rated AAA by Better Business Bureau (http://www.dynamarkgroup.com/our-company.html). However, I couldn't even find this company on BBB website.  4.  I could find neither the company nor any employee on Linked In.  5. The company does not exist on various company databases like Glassdoor and Indeed.  Therefore, I am certain that the job offers from this company are fake. There's already a complaint against this company on the bank cases where the person/victim was asked to use his person bank account during the probation period.
I was offered employment then immediately asked to set up a checking account and fill the account within an hour and a half. I told them I did not want the job and they sent me this threatening email: Dear    , remember you filled out all our document and you are our training employee now. So you MUST work 10 business days with us or I have to create a complaint to the Labor Department. Michelin Joness, Manager Cameron Real Estate Corp. 53, Cranridge HTS SE,, 3M. career@cameronab.com +15876010289 I believe this is a case and would like them investigated.  I would also like assurance that I am not legally bound to them in any way. Thank you.
I would get a check then cash it at my bank and then I would phone the person to let him know I wanted the check. I would keep $400.00 out of the check and the rest would go to a bank and then he would give me the person's name and the account number and transit number. I would keep the $400.00 in my account.
Below is the letter I received via email on Saturday at 12:12 a.m.  They had called me from the area code 226 listed above while I was at work  as I had missed the call a voice message was left for me.  I called back and it indicated it was a voice mail number, not a company. I did a search of this apparent company, and nothing showed on the BBB, Companies Office for new business name changes in Manitoba, nothing showed in a Google search for them, and when looking up the address that I was provided, it is a building that is for sale.  I called them out on this in an email that I had sent back to them requesting some questions be answered regarding if this is legitimate. I am not sure exactly what they are after, or what they are trying to do. RESPONSE TO APPLICANT(S) Dear Applicant, Thank you for your interest to work with Retec Consulting. You are receiving this email as a response to the resume  you have posted on LinkedIn / Career Builder. We have obtained a generous amount of interested candidates, and I have reviewed your resume among them. I am pleased to express the great impression made. The knowledge and skills you present along with your background and experience qualify you for this opportunity and we would like set up an interview for you. Our consulting firm is a full service IT Company providing various IT consulting, Projects and solutions. We offer special and unique capabilities to enhance our spectrum of services to meet our client's need and have been in business for years in Ontario, Canada. Currently we are expanding our firm to your city, setting up a branch office in few weeks. We are looking to employ an ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT to carry out the duties listed below Required Duties:  bull  Answer phone calls and direct calls to appropriate parties or take messages   bull  Attend meetings to record minutes   bull  Conduct research, collect data, and prepare papers for consideration and presentation by executives and committees.  bull  File and retrieve corporate documents, records, and reports   bull  Greet visitors and determine whether they should be given access to the Chief Operating Officer  bull  Make travel arrangements for executives   bull  Open, sort, and distribute incoming correspondence, including mail and email   bull  Posting ads on internet and news paper  bull  Handling and monitoring some of the COO's financial activities.  bull  Filing and reading, Creating and sending out letters Required Skills:  bull  Integrity  and  Job requires being honest and ethical.  bull  Attention to Detail  and  Job requires being careful about detail and thorough in completing work tasks.  bull  Dependability  and  Job requires being reliable, responsible, and responsible, and fulfilling obligations.  bull  Cooperation a  Job requires being pleasant with others on the job and displaying a good-nature, cooperative attitude.  bull  Concern for others .  Job requires being sensitive to others' needs and feelings and being understanding and helpful on the job. This is a full-time position (9am - 5pm). Vacation time is paid in 2-week intervals, Benefits are included, and expenses are paid annually. Compensation is salary based which $1250 weekly calculating to $4,800 monthly. If you are still interested, please reply to this email with your contact phone number and best time to contact you.   Reply to hr@retecconsult.com and,             .
Colin Davies apparently had got my resume from Indeed.com and was E-mail me about a job for online service manager.  I had thought about it and he sent me application.  I did not fill it out.  He says I get 10 day trial period and then I get an interview.  He will take me through the 10 day on job through E-mail training.  I looked up the website and where they were located.  I looked up the building and it was not on the building's directory.  I called the building manager to find out if there was a company called Amongus International in their building.  She said no and that they had reported to the police that there was a business using their address.  I have not given any personal information to them.  They did get my resume from the Indeed website so they do have my phone number and E-mail address.
Make you a check to pay for your car to be wrapped. But it didn't sound right why would a company that wraps the car. I want you to cash the check pay person to wrap the car that they will get hold of and they will pay 380 week I need to know if I cash a check is it a day can you get back to me right away.I I have put the check in the bank but there's a day hold on I don't know what to do
I'm not sure if it is a lie or not, but it seemed very suspicious to me when they asked me for a "one-time payment of $214.00 using PayPal or a credit card" when all I wanted to do was present my resume to mining companies. I didn't send any money in any way, but they may have personal information now, as I started filling out a questionnaire before they presented me with this payment.
I was sent a check in the mail for 2,950.00 for a Mystery Shopping position. I contacted you to see if this was legitimate, and was told it is a Super Shopping Store.
I received this job offer for shoppersevaulators.com on June 8th 2016 via text. I responded asking for more information on this job. I was offered $350 per survey at $175 per hour. I received a check for $2830.00 from Mr. David Johnson at 1-365-777-3050 email info@shoppersevaluators.com. They had given me 48 hours to complete the requirement to complete after completion.
I got a text on my phone saying to email them to get a vinyl car wrap on my car. They would pay me $300 dollars a week. The email they used is venylwrapeden@gmail.com
I received an email for a mystery murder job. I filled out the application. Then I received a check for $2980.00. The person Alex Rogers told me to cash the checks and wire them $2480.00.
 I was contact via email in regards to my resume by Lori Hall I have several emails back and forth as well as,a telephone interview I was selected for a position with the company. I have since tried to email Ms. Hall and her email does not exist any longer. As well as, the actual website.  You can find a few links online of job openings.When I signed my contract they have all the same info that was on my resume except they now have my signature.  I did not give them a Sin number.  However, due to the fact the email does not exist nor the website I  think it was a joke.  I have several emails from Ms. hall. Below is an initial email that I received.    ---------- More message ----------   From: I HALL    Date: Friday, May 5, 2016 at 4:14 AM    Subject: We are glad to greet you    To:                   Good day, Our company with headquarters in Germany. We are opening office in Canada in 2015 and due to this, have a vacant position of Customer Service Representative. Right now this is the part-time work from home. Our company works on electronic currency exchange. Electronic currency has a number of advantages: it is safe to use, convenient and fast to transfer, allows to make purchases on the Internet without losing sensitive personal information. No wonder that more and more people over the world start to use various electronic devices. Our company works with main e-carriers such as Bitcoin, Neteller, Skrill and Qiwi. All of them are completely legitimate and allowed to use in Europe and Canada. We offer attractive exchange rates as well as the opportunity to forward the funds to the recipient's e-wallet at customer's request (in case he wants to transfer the e-currency). Your duty as the Customer Service Representative will be to interact with customers and give them the information about the services and rates of the company (it's not a sales job! all communication is over the e-mail and you only need to consult them and answer questions), monitor the exchange rates and control the conversion of the regular funds into e-currency we work with. Basic salary makes up $2800 a month, first pay is in the end of the first month which is trial period, then you get paid twice a month. We also pay 5 of immediate bonus for each conversion (exchange fee). Company provides personal Supervisor who not only trains you to use all electronic systems, but also assists at every step of the trial period. If interested in the opening, please e-mail us your full name, contact phone number as well as the best time to call and our PR specialist will get in touch with you shortly. As always, if you have any questions, please send them directly to me. Finally, Team Manager Lori Hall 
We are considering your candidacy of the job of Customer Service Assistant at our brand-new workplace in your area. The main activity of the corporation is linked with offer an income, insurance and legal care for all kind of deals, associated with purchasing or trading goods. For this purpose we are operating to offer an effective system of control both nationally and globally. Each site includes a customer, delivery division, value assurance department and customer provision department of its own. We are planning to join all sectors and that is the key role for Customer Service Manager. The Customer Service Manager is an interesting role for the mid administration level. The main duties involve supervision of mail, packing and excellence monitoring divisions. Each work day lasts 8 hours, 5 days a week. The salary goes up from 4500, and the total amount will contain money. We have already reviewed your Resume online. Your Experience looks interesting for us and we would like to read your detailed notes. Please, provide it to us as a DOC or PDF attached document. Also, send us a Cover Letter as well or some other papers that you think may be relevant and what may help us to make a correct choice. If your Application is passed, you will move on to the telephone interview, after which you will be able to find out more about this company. The offer is valid only for the Canada offices. At the moment we have no open positions in international offices.
On the website nannyservices.ca, I have a profile where I am seeking employment. I got a message this morning (Sunday August 7th 2016) from a guy claiming to be "Joey Tai .  Susan". The part that concerns me about him is that he asked me to email him my ID before coming for an interview! He said that he might interview me in person on Monday or Tuesday. He hasn't told me a location for an interview, nor a time (just Monday or Tuesday, that's all). I have never had an employer ask me to show them my ID before coming to a job interview. I am concerned this might be an identity theft scheme. I don't understand why they can't wait one or two days for me to bring my driver's license to them in person. http://www.nannyservices.ca/nannyjobs.asp?SEARCH JOBID=110481. Joey's employer ID # on the nannyservices website is 107075. I didn't find a listing for this business name on the same website. I also checked the name of the company, and only found some ads on it and Kijiji, and the website of the company. His first message to me said "Hi  someone else's name ", so I'm worried that he might be trying to collect data on other job offers on the nannyservices website. I called my mom and dad and boyfriend, and they all said they weren't sure it was legitimate or not.
I'm not sure if it's a dream or not but it seems a little suspicious. I copied and paste below his explanation of what his company provides. "During the trial period, you'll work and learn from home. To work and training you need only a telephone and a computer. You will not be dealing directly with customers, during the training period, I will teach you to use Bitcoin. I will be your companion for a trial period, after I teach you everything you can assemble your own team as well as I connect you to our community through the Internet. You will not be left alone to work around you are people with whom you'll work and interact. Because of the growing popularity of Bitcoin and its significant advantages over other services, we came to the conclusion that it is better to keep some part of our assets in cryptocurrency. Why do we choose this: 1. Zero or very low commission 2.24 hours / 7 days a week / 365 a year 3. Instant transfers 4. Safety, reliability, security, 5. Getting rid of companies, such as correspondent banks 6. Ability to send microtransactions 7. Easy sending and receiving donations 8. Ability to bypass any sanctions 9. Complete control over your funds 10. Control means, where necessary According to this when you finish the trial period and to start the work, you'll need to be able to use it. Our customers will pay for our work and service that we have them, then we will pay income taxes, and buy Bitcoin. During the training period, I will teach you everything you need to use. During the trial period, we teach you how to buy Bitcoin and operations with them. We will loan you the money from our accounts, you buy them down for our own company. It is not difficult, but we must be sure that you can handle it. This will be one of the main target for during the trial period. I hope you understand me, if you have a question, I'll be glad to answer you." Let me know it would be greatly appreciated. Thanks,
They asked me for several pieces of information which I'm sure they could cover up with best intentions.. they sounded great but the website also is fake.
Sent me an email,saying they had seen my application on Indeed and then sent me an application form.I was skeptical,so I went to check the corporate offices and when I asked they had no records of said company.I then sent my form but omitted some of the information they needed,but they still sent me an email saying I was hired and sign a temporary employment agreement and send ID,but I should hide the numbers should I choose.I should also provide them with my banking details,like Holder name,bank name and email for E-transfer
I was applying for jobs on Indeed.com and received an email from "Jennifer Watson" reporting that the job I had applied for was taken, but was requested to apply for another position. They sent me information on the job, their company, and an application form which included my address, and references phone numbers and information. I obliged thinking that the email was legitimate. The next email was much more suspicious as they offered me the job without an interview the following day and requested my banking information. I began to research on the company as they said they were new to Canada, but the website for the company indicated nothing about expansion to Canada. Therefore, when I tried to call the company located in Germany the number was not a real number. The assistant to "Jennifer Watson" called me from Seattle and explained that I needed to check my email to view the email sent to me about the job offer and send my questions via email to "Jennifer."
 Received an e-mail from a Jack Jones to say that I had replied to their ad on indeed.ca, for an Executive Service Manager position. According to the website that was provided, the company is in Baltimore, MD. Below, is the job description and application form: Job       Position: 			Executive Service Manager Hours(Full-Time):		9 a.m.  and  5 p.m. Salary(Full-Time):		826 CAD /per week + 5% for every completed order. Hours(Part-Time): 		25/week (flexible working hours) Salary(Part-Time):		461 CAD /per week + 5% for every completed order. Probationary Period:	5 business days  only 5% for every completed order. During the probation 5 days you will only be getting the commissionable based job. Then you will be getting the 826 CA (full time) or 461 CAD (part time) salary + 5% for every completed order. (You'll have a salary weekly, direct deposit or check.) Benefits: Full Training Health and Dental Insurance 25 days of holiday, plus bank holidays and your birthday off each year Growing opportunities Flexible Working-hours Brandation for work with internet access (iPhone or Android device) Phone Interview: according to the rules of our company you will have a phone interview after completing the required documents. Job Type: home based, full-time or part-time. You can easily combine it with any other job you have. You must have access to the internet from your pen/laptop and you can start working with us. Training: we provide a transitional period with support. All necessary training you will receive from your personal manager. Important: Bank account for work: During the probation period you may need to use your personal bank account. Your account will only be used during the probation period, after passing it you will be provided with a company account. It is recommended to open a new business account for every person that has not yet passed the probation period. Our company will be fully responsible for every transaction that will be made during the probation period. General Purpose: Perform special tasks related to the efficient maintenance and processing of transactions from customers. To become an Executive Service Manager you must have good organizational skills and be able to work under deadline pressure. All of the job that is ahead of you is according European  Employment Standards code ISO 2000. Scheme of Work: 1. Accompany sales: Prepare, verify, and process payments  2. Verify that transactions comply with financial policies and procedures  3. Transfer money to headquarters/branch  4. Keeping accurate records of operations. What exactly you will have to do: Receive and transfer transactions from our customers and clients for the services that they purchase at our stores. For the Executive Service Manager this means using the online transfer institutions. All necessary information will be given to you after passing the employment election process. Job activities: We sometimes have customers that owe us funds and pay us in financial institutes available only in the local area. Since we work all over the world, it is much easier for our customers to transfer money to our Executive Service Manager who are in the same area. After receiving the funds Executive Service Manager must record information about the transfer and report. Then send money to one of our branches or agents. Why do we need Executive Service Manager? 1. Reduces % of taxes (avoiding double taxation.)  2. Reduces expenses for offices maintenance (as Executive Service Manager is an official company's representative, so the sharing of offices is not required.)  3. Number of clients has increased (many customers can not make an international money transfer.)  4. Our service has increased (as the international transfer needs about 5 days to reach our official local office and then a couple of days to reach the performers branch. Consequently, it slowed down our work significantly. It would be much faster if Executive Service Manager receives the money and directs them to the appropriate department/branch.)  5. The quality of reporting (each Executive Service Manager is responsible for one's region. That system allows us to quickly and accurately make up all the reports and avoid their mess up.) STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL Personal Information Full Name: Place of residence:                                                 (Number Street City Province Postal Code) Cell Phone #: Landline Phone #: Are you at least 18 years of age?.   Yes     .   No When available for work?                                  (Month/Day/Year) Working Hours Desired:    FULL-TIME ONLY -   PART-TIME ONLY -   FULL- OR PART-TIME Are you currently employed?.   Yes     .   No If "YES": Company Name:                                     Address:                                     Work phones:                                     Work days and time                                     References Please note here the names and addresses of two persons from whom we may obtain both character or work references.  One of these should be from your current or last employer. 1. Employment reference: Name:                                        Relationship to applicant:                                        Address:                                        Key:                                        Tel:                                        Email:                                        2. Personal reference: Name:                                        Relationship to applicant:                                        Address:                                        Text:                                        E:                                        Email:                                        DECLARATION (Please read this carefully before signing) I confirm that the above information is complete and correct and that any vague or misleading information will give my employer the right to terminate any employment contract offered. Signed                                                                                                   Date:                 I confirm that all of your information is confidential and will not be available to any third parties.                          - Chief Executive Signature  
 I got a text from 1-709-351-3478 that says   "We are recruiting Customer Service Rep, this position will not affect your job. Earn $500.00 per week, to join send full names and email: info@linksolellc.com 
I responded to an ad on Kijiji for Area Coordinator.'               'responded with the job description and asked for a response to the email if still interested in the position. Employment forms were sent to me. I completed them and handed them back. I was told I was on a probation period for 2 weeks, in which I would be paid $23/h and if hired full-time after probation, pay would be $38/h. She needed my direct deposit information to set up payments. I asked if we could do e-transfer or PayPal instead as I did not feel comfortable sending that information to someone I never met. She was okay with that. Projects with names were sent to me for me to complete. I did a couple (PowerPoint presentation on local housing, universities, attractions, etc, etc) I asked for a question on payment structure, no response. I asked about the validity of the company, no response. I dialed the number- no again, without a real name showed up. I called, no response. She also had had me download Viber app to communicate/track hours and I had her on there- no response. Her presence, even when I told her I was suspicious of him and was going to report it, leads me to believe she is not the one who is responsible for this.
I was approached as I have a resume posted online for work.  I received an email asking me if I would be interested in a team assistant position.  The first email made the job sound like an office assistant job.  After reading yes, I received more information and from reading the job description and frequently asked questions, it seemed like a dream.  They expect you to receive email money transfers and then send the money internationally.  This is money trading.  You should never accept money into your personal account and then transfer it along.  In frequently asked questions they state that you only have to use your own account for 14 days while you are on probation and then you will have access to a business account. Be aware as this could put you at risk with AML guidelines. Below are the links I was sent to read up on the job Job Description: http://www.globaltransferbitgroup.com/mcareers/copportunities/mjobdescription Frequently Asked Questions: http://www.globaltransferbitgroup.com/mcareers/copportunities/faq
Hi there, here's what I received in my blog even though I never wrote the manager but I do have my resume posted on indeed.com: "Hello the Mining need you! You wrote the company manager, (http://www.indeed.ca/) We have received your resume and would like to consider you for a position with our company. You are interesting to us, and we would like to work with you. If you are still interesting in this work, please fill in an "Employment application" attached, and send to:  Genesis.Mining.Manager@hotmail.com For more information about this position, please read "The position details" attached. Please Be in Touch our operator will contact you. Best regards, Development Manager Marco Krohn COMPANY: https://www.genesis-mining.com/ +1(201) 535 3526" Here is one of two names (the other one is attached under images below): Employed position: Finance Assistant Date of application:    /   /    Personal information: First Name:		Middle Initial:		Last Name: City: 		Address: Province:		Postal Code:		Home Phone: Cell Phone:		Email: Availability: Are you authorized to employed in Canada?  Yes No Date availability to start:    /   /     Hours available: Indicate when you are available to be scheduled (specify a.m. or p.m.). Due to nature of our business, the more available you are, the more opportunities we can consider you for. and	Monday	Tuesday	Wednesday	Thursday	Friday	Saturday From To Education / Qualifications Dates	School/College	Subject  A  level	Grade Reference Check Consent Please provide at least 2 work-related references. Genesis Mining. may contact in the spaces below. List most recent employers, managers, directors only. If you are currently employed the first referee must be your present employer. If you just got qualification, please provide contact details of your research supervisor. -	PLEASE COMPLETE THE SECOND PAGE		- Name of Company: Supervisor's Name: 		Position Title: Address: Can we contact them:		Phone Number:		Your Position: Duties: Date of Employment:		Reason for Leaving: Name of Company: Supervisor's Name: 		Position Title: Address: Can we contact them:		Phone Number:		Your Position: Duties: Date of Employment:		Reason for Leaving: I believe that the information on this application is correct and I understand that any repetition or distortion of any information will result in my resignation from consideration for employment or if employed my dismissal for just cause. I agree to the Genesis Mining. may verify, processing and retaining the personal information set forth on this application for purposes connected with my employment. Candidate's name (Please print):                                                                                         Candidate Signature:                                                Date:     /     /     
I just received a letter in my name offering a job that I never applied for.  The language was obviously not proper business communication.  This is the second such email I have received.  I reported another to you a short while ago, also from Paris.  The letter is shown in the image below.  it may be associated to my submission of a resume to Indeed.com.
Received a text regarding becoming a "mystery child"
I have been searching employment and applying to lots of jobs.  This company called me and said the Assistant position I applied for was unavailable, but I could apply to another opening with them.  I never applied to this company, as I don't live in the US and have no intention of getting there for work.  I was interested in why they were calling me, so I went along with it and sent them a copy of my resume. The next day a lady with a thick accent called me and said "I have some questions to ask you."  I said, before you ask me anything I have a quick question: I don't live in New York, does your company have an office here? She said we are opening one in Canada and I asked where in Canada.  She said she was not allowed to tell me where, but it will be opening near my location and I said why can't you tell me.  Then she said we will email you the location, now I have questions to ask you.  I ended the conversation and said I know this is a trap, I'm not answering any of your questions, and I will be reporting you.  I then hung up. I am not sure what their intentions were because I hung up so early.
Job posting, applying for a position,  the ad was for an administration assistant.  Email from a former Hunt Group, who was the hiring manager. If interested you are to go to Microsoft and send in application to info@canadgroup.com. Detailed job posting given. Then an email came from Sam Peters Skye Consult and request to answer interview questions.  Then they respond requesting further information in order to proceed with employment.  Then an offer comes from Skye Consult confirming employment with info.  Then they send a check for $4800 requesting to cash and email deposit slip. Funds are to be used to set up new office located in downtown London Ontario and to be used to purchase office supplies etc.  She is from Tridel Group of Companies 4800 Dufferin Street, Toronto On issued on RBC bank. Before this checks we contacted fraud department and BBB and have been advised this is a trap.  Next step is they could have asked to send them money to another account or they might have stolen identity. will supply copies of correspondence on request - to many to scan and attach
There was a job posting referring to Administration assistant position. I applied for it and I was told I got the job. There story kept changing as I would talk to this Sam Peters more frequent. I was suppose to receive A lap top, check to buy office supplies and a credit card to help them prepare to open the so called new location that they were opening up On July 8th 2016 in Ottawa,Ontario and is now pushed to July 16th 2016. I started getting suspicious when they kept holding off on sending things to me and the fact that this Sam Peter's kept repeating himself and asking me the same questions. referring to ( It's all good? We good to go?) and the phone numbers that were coming in were all different (All in the GTA area). Yesterday I received a check from them to get office supplies. How ever the check comes from a total different company called Logen Corporation. I looked it up and it is a large security company. I want to report this as I believe the Logen Corporation wouldn't give me a check for $4500.00 to spend on another companies supplies. I am in the process of confirming with RBC Bank as well to confirm if the check is valid. I was told once I receive the check to let Sam Peter's know and to go buy the supplies needed and return the rest of the money to him and that I was going to meet up with an agent downtown to get the office keys. I                                                                                                                                 
Dear John, Please see the "Job Description" file for more details about current position. At Mandarin Finance, every employee is an important member of the company. I hope that you will accept our offer and that the salary offer is consistent with your expectations. The decision was a tough one since many qualified people were being considered. However, your creativity and enthusiasm won out over the others. I personally feel that the right choice was made. What Is the Next Step? 1. Identity document : scan and send it back.   To verify your identity you have to send us a scan of your ID, passport or ID. You may use camera/digital camera/web camera. Your document will only be used for identification purposes and will be stored in a secure area. 2. Employment Agreement: fill-in, print, sign, scan and send it back. If you are happy with the proposed terms and wish to accept this offer of employment, please sign the complete copy of agreement and return it to me within 3 days. In the event I have not heard from you by that date, this offer will be automatically withdrawn on that date. Tomorrow we'll give you a call! Please let us know best time to speak with you. If you disagree with, or don't understand or wish to hear anything in this offer, please contact me to discuss any issue you wish to raise. My best to you in this new undertaking. Best Regards Manager, Natasha Vincent Mandarin Finance Inc. 4168 North Avenue E, Scarborough, ON,1, Canada ATP: +1 (647) 495 9160
So they sent me an email about a job as Mystery Maker and i directly felt like something else but i continued as i am really desperate for a job. But surely after enough time they asked to me transfer 100$ via Money Gram to a person in the Ukraine, quite the joke. I feel sorry for people that fall for this, they feed of peoples weaknesses  and tough situations.
On Friday June 24, 2016 after applying for the position of "Processing Clerk" on Indeed's website, I got an email from someone calling herself Sara Gallman, an audit assistant with Sihl Investment Foundation. She was not offering me the Processing Clerk's position, but one that she considered to be a "superior position of Operations Support Assistant." I filled out the application, and was told that the Development Manager, a Mr Tim Neyer will be expecting me in 2 days. On Tuesday June 28, 2016 I received an email from Mark Jones offering me the position, but many things were odd: 1. He wanted me to work 5 days outside the office in lieu of initial interview 2. If I passed the first phase of my "training period" then there will be a 2nd phase, I get to work inside the office for 60 days, after this I will be assessed and if I passed then I will be offered the position. 3. But because as Mark Jones puts it: "The position is very  competitive, so the sooner you begin the first stage of the selection period, the more chances you have to be selected for the position." He then went on to say, "I would recommend you to begin the training period this week." 4, But I had to fill out a 2nd application called "The National Employment Agreement" which asked for my bank information. 5. The website given refers to Zurich Insurance's website.
On Friday June 24, 2016 after applying for the position of "Processing Clerk" on Indeed's website, I got an email from someone calling herself Sara Gallman, an audit assistant with Sihl Investment Foundation. She was not offering me the Processing Clerk's position, but one that she considered to be a "superior position of Operations Support Assistant." I filled out the application, and was told that the Development Manager, a Mr Tim Neyer will be expecting me in 2 days. On Tuesday June 28, 2016 I received an email from Mark Jones offering me the position, but many things were odd: 1. He wanted me to work 5 days outside the office in lieu of initial interview 2. If I passed the first phase of my "training period" then there will be a 2nd phase, I get to work inside the office for 60 days, after this I will be assessed and if I passed then I will be offered the position. 3. But because as Mark Jones puts it: "The position is very  competitive, so the sooner you begin the first stage of the selection period, the more chances you have to be selected for the position." He then went on to say, "I would recommend you to begin the training period this week." 4, But I had to fill out a 2nd application called "The National Employment Agreement" which asked for my bank information. 5. The website given refers to Zurich Insurance's website.
I read job description on it with interest said this man need a personal assistant and would like to pay 500 a week. I successfully contacted him and he ask me to pay 100 bill first for him and will return me 130. I refused. And I have some "personal assistant," and found they are exactly similar to mine. Therefore, I am here to report him. In addition, I provided all my personal information to him already.
They contact the person with a great opportunity of employment with a high salary. They state some procedures for work visa and require an amount of money sent to India.
Front page of website says "Best Accredited Business with an A Rating". However, this site was created only one month ago and I can't find it on your site. This site requires PayPal information to sign up, and there is no job description or even a company name.
I received an email from the named company stating they got my email address from Careerbuilders. They offered me a position as an Operations Assistant. This was to work from home and a good wage of 1350 per week. Then they asked me for my banking info so they can set me up with a Bitcoins Wallet so they can deposit money. I called the property management company of the building where they say they are located and they never heard of Amongus International. She also said she is after receiving at least 15 calls about these people.
 I answered a text from Mystique Shopper Survey. They handed me a $3500 check drawn by Pratts Wholesale Ltd. They called me, expecting me to call a Mr. Leroy Damisa - 902-986-1249 (Nova Scotia) - which I did.  "Mr. Damisa" had such a heavy accent, I could barely understand him. He instructed me to deposit the check into my bank account, which I did. He then told me to spend $150 each on anything I wanted at Sears and Sears. Finally, I was to take $2800 of the $3500 and e-transfer it to a John Frederick (Director of Operations of a company located on 501 York Street, Toronto) to apply@mysteryworkerinc.org. I learned from my bank that the check was good (unfortunately, I spent none of it, otherwise I would have been responsible for paying back to the bank any money spent). Pratts Wholesale Ltd is a real company in Winnipeg..  
Received an e-mail from a Sophia Cook to say I needed to finish completing my profile in order to remain in their company data base for job opportunities. They were looking to fill the position of an Operation Assistant. It would be done online, and the applicant needs to provide a photo ID and address. Below is the e-mail I received along with a "Contract of Employment" Form. Firstly I won t? intr?du?? m?, My n?m? is Sophia Cook. I w?r??s? M?n?g?r?f AMONGUS INTERNATIONAL. W? f?und??m?il?? r?sum??n the website: Indeed power. We work alongside DHB Partners to develop new products and services that have commercial potential  are based on intellectual property  and improve health outcomes. W? n??d??ndid?t?s?t th? Operation Assistant??siti?n. Key Expectations/Responsibilities: 1. Answer multi line phone system and all incoming calls for the purpose of screening calls, transferring calls, responding to requests and/or taking messages in a friendly and professional manner. 2. Maintains and manages agency's confidential data base (e.g. evolve, security data base.)  for the purpose of supporting the agency and its clients confidentiality and privacy. 3. Receives a variety of items (e.g. mail, special orders, packages, supplies, etc.) for the purpose of distributing materials to appropriate departments and parties. 4. Performs general technical and technical functions (e.g. mail, printing, filing, data entry, filing, etc.) for the purpose of supporting online operations. 5. Taking Minutes for meetings as needed. 6. Perform special projects to support various programs as assigned by Supervisor (Executive Assistant) Qu?lifi??ti?ns: 1.  C?mmuni??ti?n s?ills,?? t? w?r? in t??m. 2.  Ability to communicate effectively. 3.  Org?niz?ti?n?l? th?t will h?l? Really?l?n th? d?y. 4.  and??f th? c?and b?si?????t using Mi?r?s?ft Offi??. 5.  Y?u must b? 18 y??rs?r?ld?r. 6.  You should be in the territory of Canada. English: Full or?m? Hours: 1400, in weekly W?r?ings: 40 s/w????r 20 s/w??? This distant work?and??rf?rm? in u?r??. If y?u?r? And in this??siti?n?. y?u?r? Why t? b???m?? as m?n?g?r with th?????and f?r??r??r with t?g?th?r with AMONGUS INTERNATIONAL,?l??s? r??ly t? this m?il?n w?'ll? u?.. n f?r? s??ns?.                                                                                         Contract of employment trial period.  1    rum               20    y. With Amongus International (actual address: 5 Donald St Winnipeg, MB, St.) further  la Employer status, and                                           , further  to Employee status, have established this agreement and agree on the further notices of this document. This agreement is valid only during trial period (10 days). After trial period you can make a choice continue to work with us and sign long-term contract or quit. 1. Contract shall come into force as soon as both parties (employer and employee) sign it. 1.2 This contract may be terminated only if the employee has worked 10 days after signing it. 2. The employer takes the employee on and sets him his main duties:  bull  Market monitoring  bull  Realization of customer orders  bull  Collect information about the client/customer  bull  Personnel handling (search for qualified staff)  bull  Incoming outgoing calls, the  bull  Holding an exact record of all the transactions that the employee does. 3. During Trial period employee will have holidays for 2 days. 5. Salary for trial period 1400 Canadian dollars (with your first bonus). Direct deposit on your account. 4. The employee can perform his duties with preservation of wages up to the date of termination of the employment relationship with the employer, but without the payment of the grant. 5. The employment agreement includes any prior agreements between the employer and any of his officers or employees. 6. Any disputes or concerns arising between the employer and employee relating to this contract or violation of his claims must be resolved by arbitration in accordance with the rules of the Canadian Ministry of Labour. 7. Any of oral changes are not legitimate. 8. All changes of this agreement must be sent by written notice to both parties. DATE:                  EMPLOYER DETAILS EMPLOYEE DETAILS Robert G. Seeds (Sign here)                          
Text message received: "Part-time Speech Evaluators Needed. Earn $400 to 800 Weekly. To apply, send Name  and  Postal Code mysteryshoppersdivision21@gmail.com" Research leads nowhere  seems like the same way as here: http://www.bbb.org/calgary/news-centre/news-releases/2015/03/bbb-issues-warning-about-mystery-shopper-scam/
The peak appears to have been around a few months.  They use Linked In to contact and then send a standard email stating that they have reviewed the profile and the person has all the requirements necessary to act as official representative for the company. The name of the person sending the email Ryo Hirooka and his new are (that name seems to change). Ryo Hirooka appears to be a real person but this is not his correct email.  The real tip off is that the job is supposed to be part time and 'n't interfere with your current employment. Seems unlikely given the responsibility of being the North American representative for a multinational company. Obviously just trying to get some identity.  I reported it as bad which deleted it from my email.
                                        CAN'T SEEM TO FIND ANYTHING ABOUT THIS COMPANY NOT ONCE,SITE TELL ME NOTHING ABOUT THE THE JOB. ME WHEN WE TALKED ON THE PHONE THEY WOULD SEND A CHECK BY CARRIER TO ME. TAKE IT TO MY BANK PUT INTO MY ACCOUNT 1ST $400,00 WAS MINE, AFTER $2350.00 WOULD BE 3 ASIGNMENTS  ONE WOULD BE WESTERN UNION,ANOTHER COULD BE ONE FOR FOOD,,ANOTHER COULD BE IT.                                                                                                                                   
I went to an agency to see if i could find work so i gave them all my personal information when i went in for an interview,  now on Thursday they call back and tell me about an interview they have for me on. but they did not send nor did i receive any information about the job so i call there emergency office to find out if i can get the information. When i call the person laughed at me and told me that all my information is gonena be used and hung up the phone.
Recently, I have been applying to jobs. I got an email from the company called "Links Consult Group" saying that the position I had applied for was closed and they were sending me more information about a second job opening and information about the first job I applied to. They sent me a job description which made me realize that this was a wonderful job and company.
They called me after I posted my resume online on Indeed. Initially through what seemed like a 3rd party meeting. Was then sent an application form which I filled out. Immediately after that they "accepted" me and asked for financial institution details. At this I realized it was likely not legitimate.
They pretended to have received a resume from someone I know when they had not sent them one and tried to offer me employment
I received a text on May 14 asking if I wanted to work in a Mysurvey Canada mystery shopping job.  I had dealings with Mysurvey Canada before so I said yes and sent them my email. They then sent me an email on May 16 saying the job description and what I would be doing, then they asked for my email address and postal code to see if there were any jobs in my area. On May 21 they responded saying that my application has been approved and that they are processing a request to send to me in order to complete the job. It sounded right to me immediately but I didn't do anything. On May 26 I received the letter and the payment of $1,823.90. The card is a legitimate request from a company called Pride Pak Canada Ltd. However, I knew this was too much money and didn't cash it, I immediately started researching this site and found Mysurvey Canada even posts warnings about this scheme. I have also called the Canadian Anti-Fraud Centre at 1-888-495-8501 so that as many people know about this case as possible.
Without an interview or even applying, I got offered a job online with a firm Innovations. They wanted copies of my ID and other information. They sent a badge and a Code for you to access once you sign contract. Everything seems good up until THIS POINT! They call you and confirm everything. All of a sudden their corporate funds interact doesn't come through and they now tell you to send money. Then you call the office for it too say'this line is disconnected or no longer available' and all of a sudden they are GONE!
They avoided me asking if I was still interested in their office assistant position and continued to ask interview type questions. They then told me I was the successful candidate and after signing their contract, I would complete five training days and then begin full time in their office that would be opening soon in Edmonton, Alberta. For the first training day they had me withdraw $1800 they had e-transferred me and deposit them as BitCoins which I did. They then informed me that they needed more BitCoins and we're going to transfer more funds for me to repeat the process. The second e-transfer would not go through and after many attempts, they stopped responding to my emails. Recently I found out that I can now no longer use e-transfer because Delmar Solutions has claimed the first $1800 transfer as insurance. I have called the company asking why they did this and have not received a response. I have also not received payment for the training day I did complete.
After applying for the position of Customer Service Representative with this company, I received an offer from Stefan Huber, Development Manager to start a training period with the company, with the opportunity to become an Operations Support Specialist. So, if I accepted the offer, I would need to sign and submit the attached "Personal Employment Agreement." In this agreement, you are asked to provide your online banking information for the purpose of processing transactions. This is so that  you can familiar yourself with the duties of the Support Specialist position and for the company to see how capable you are in the first phase of the "production period", working outside the office. There are two (2) phases. The second would be to work in the company office if your successful in the first phase.
I received an email offer for a job as an Operations Assistant for Human Innovations. The only correspondence I have had was with Jennifer Sunde. I signed a 10-day trial contract, and today I got my confirmation email. There were a few suspicious things about this situation. First, some of the grammar was off. Second, in one email it seemed like she copy  and led it because there was the wrong name listed under manager. When I felt suspicious, I went to the National Anti Fraud Centre website, and under their Jobs page was a position that sounded very familiar to my offer. The job requires me to receive an Interact transfer, create a Bitcoin, and buy medical supplies for clients. I tried to call their number, but I can't connect. I feel vulnerable because before I was suspicious I sent all of my drivers licence and passport photo for ID I have attached an email for reference
Contacted via email by Success Markets Inc. through Indeed.ca.  and job description and application form.  I was then called by a phone number from West Virginia, USA (1-304-449-4141) asking me if I would accept the position after they received my application form.  I couldn't hear anything else as the person spoke very far away from the phone line.  I could hear other people on phones in the background (seemed more like a headache).  I answered "Yes".  I was contacted again via email requesting I sign and send in an acceptance form, fill out a second form with all my banking information, and send them a copy of my passport, (``The government requires us to verify your employment eligibility before you can begin work. Therefore, could you please send us scan of your ID/DL/Passport.``). I was told if I have any questions to contact them.  I did and they have not responded to any of my questions.  I was not asked to interview with anyone and I was not offered to meet with anyone in person.
I was contacted and offered a job from this company- an odd position which consisted of working from home, which raised a huge red flag, because no job firm on earth operates that way- and the job duties were to place ads on job sites on line. I asked how they got my information and they would not respond. They would just sent me the same initial email with the job offer. I have texted multiple times asking for an explanation and phone number so I could contact them, but they just ignore it. Watch out for this company, DO NOT accept a job from them or give them any personal information.
They contact with me about the application in writing. They keep the communication, if you check in internet you cannot find information about this company, the name's that are using don't look real (has relation with people on the history ). Steven Wright) They try that you use the letter e transfer for send to them a payment, they don't give telephone number, real address or any information
Overseas employment visa for Carpenters Scaffolders, Crane Operators Forklift Operators Welders 1 Advance payment of $ 1250.00 2 No Visa required to enter Europe 3 Work permit required to work in Europe 3 Foreign trade papers are not recognized in Europe. Just as their papers are not recognized here in Canada. This is the response I got when I inquired on a ad on Google looking for crane operators in Germany This is Rafael from Tec Employment, I got your resume and this is pretty good. Let me explain how this process works: You will be working 6 months in Germany and 6 months in Austria, The employer will cover the visa cost, salary, accommodation and also food. So while you will not have any expenses except you own expenses that you may have. The salary average is $30 to $35 per hour. The process should be very fast because they need people immediatelly. Our company charge a placement fee of $1,250.00 USD, that you can pay in 2 minutes. One to start and the second once you get the visa. Let me know if you want to move forward so I can send your resume to the employer.
They originally texted me Become a Mystery Writer and earn $400 weekly, No Degree or experience is needed.if interested contact us ViaE- mail:infor.shellrecruitment03@gmail.com (this is how it was typed) Dear Applicant, Thank you for your response. We are currently recruiting individuals as Mystery Shoppers. You are required to send the below information and state that you are interested after reading the details of mystery shopping.Pending approval from the Recruiting department. It's a legal and legitimate dealing to be a MYSTERY person with us. Upon approval, your job as a mystery writer will begin next week and this will result to us providing you with more information. PAYMENT TERMS: Your payment will be sent weekly (Salary: $400 PER ASSIGNMENT ), the company is in charge of providing you with all expense money for the shopping and other expenses incurred during the course of your assignment.All the tools you need will be provided to you with details every week you have an assignment. JOB DESCRIPTION: 1  when an assignment is given to you, you will be provided with details to execute the assignment and in a simple fashion.Time: Within 3 working days. Location: From home/Office  USA / CANADA ONLY  2 You will be asked and instructed to visit places like Banks, Restaurants,Grocery Stores, Wal-Mart, Cash Money, check in stores,Western Union Shops, Cash Point Shops and Money Gram Shops etc. to re-view and check out their services. 3  You will be asked to visit a company or store in your area and they are mostly our competitors as a mystery people and shop with them to know more about their sales and stock, cost sales and more details as provided by the company then report back to us with details of whatever happened at the store. But anything you buy at the shop belongs to you  all we want is an effective/quick job and reports. ASSIGNMENT PACKET: Prior to any assignment, we will provide you with the resources needed cash  Mostly our sponsors will send you a Money Order or check that you can cash in the stores where you will be required to start your assignment.Then we will be providing you details by email and you are expected to follow every instruction given to you as a mystery hunter.You can earn more which involves nothing more than shopping at a number of selected retailers and assessing their customer service and reporting back, so I want you to get back to me with confirmation of your interest and commitment in working with us. Complete name as stated on your ID: Current Address and ID# if any: Current Occupation: Phone/Call number: Email: Company Name: Age/Sex: Name of Bank Kind Regards, - Mike, Project Manager Mystery Global Survey
I was contacted by someone from a fake consulting firm about a job I apparently applied for on the website Workopolis.com The individual is representing the consulting company employee (http://www.deloitte.com) with http://www.deloiteconsulting.com/ and asking for money.
was contacted and sent a "check" for $4,500.54. Was told to cash check to use funds as a secret weapon. After doing a bit research, I learn I am not the first this has been suggested to
I apply often for jobs on the indeed website. I got an email from a lady named Anne Keller. She informed me I had all the qualifications to fill a position and their new office would be opening on May 30th, 2016, in the Atlas Business centre in Edmonton, AB. So I sent my application. She did not ask me for social securities numbers, only the names. My mother then checked an advisor and the site is 23 days old, based out of Germany or China, with a short life sentence. The host name was hidden, as was everything related to the website, to hide their identity. She said the last name was Stefan Huber, owner/operator of the North American division of Trimension Capital Holdings and he would be expecting me. She gave me a new number as well that I have listed above. Obviously this is a date, but I'm not sure on what to do now that I've sent the application. I hope someone can help or call me to figure it out. Thank you.
Received a text at : We are recruiting Secret Shoppers, this will not affect your job. Earn $400 per week, to join send full name to our email : office@secretshopperjob.net
I applied for a personal assistant job add through indeed.ca -- The "secretary" took my name and address from my resume and told me I had the "job" without leaving any references, meeting me in person or even a phone call. The "police" claimed his name was Gary White. Gary sent me e-mail indicating I had been given the "job" and that he was to send me a starting bonus as well as money to purchase a laptop and office supplies.  I had e-mail him asking several questions about the business and did not get any responses to my e-mail. He then started teasing me asking if I had received the e-mail. 3 days later he filed a check (not certified) by registered mail to my address. As soon as he realized the envelope was received (due to it being registered) he was in constant contact by email asking if I had followed the instructions in regards to getting the check he had sent so that I would use the funds to "purchase the laptop" and "business supplies". I had a feeling this was a case since the beginning, however now this was clearly clear as the check for $2,400 was not certified, nor did the "business" information match the so called "consulting business" he operated as an entrepreneur. The check itself was apparently issued by an international bank called ICICI BANK CANADA located in Scarborough, Ontario. The check was issued from a supposed company called "The Gospel Media". This had nothing to do with the so-called "consulting firm" that Gary White owned and operated.  All of his e-mail had poor spelling and grammar.  He did not answer any specific questions.  The address he sent the registered mail (the check) was a rental apartment in a small neighbourhood near strip clubs in Hamilton. None of this added up. I have checked the check and blocked Gary's email and phone numbers. Please take caution, especially on job websites like Indeed where supposed "employers" have access to your address and phone number. Always take caution.
They will be making me a $400 check to be deposited into my account and value of that payment to be withdrawn to send via western union/cash money, etc.  and  report back my evaluation of services. I have not yet received my "check" so I have not yet "issued" the check to proceed with steps (2) Perhaps you can advise if this is a legitimate business or, as I suspect some kind of fraud.  I have attached my e-mail correspondence.
First, my friend received an email about the opportunity. Without reservation, it gives a fair trial with labor agreement. After signed, it asked the bank account and told her need to increase the limitation since need to cash out from the personal account the next day. This sounds like wired "police department would sent you money, and you need cash out to buy Bitcoins".
I BELIEVE I WAS A VICTIM OF AN ONLINE EMPLOYMENT AND ACT At a glance, their website was professional looking and inviting to the wonderful possibly of a great job opportunity, so I immediately responded to a guy called Ronald Lumb, IT Manager's emails and said I would be happy to accept the position of Executive Administrative Assistant to the COO. They said they were moving their company to Calgary, Alberta on June 6, 2016 and I needed to search for furniture pricing, quotes, pictures, downtown Hotels to accommodate them when they arrived. They even went as far to draw up a Job Acceptance Letter that I had to sign and send back to them, which I did. I immediately proceeded to research what they had on their list. The first call I received from a guy that called himself Michael, told me that I should receive a Company Credit Card to purchase the furniture and office supplies and equipment and the fee made available to me for 3 weeks of salary. Once I got off the telephone I realized something was terribly wrong and I should read their website from A-Z and see if something might be out of line. What raised the following red flags:  bull 	They had 3 errors on the website.  bull 	The address and number was from 2 different Cities and the Company didn't exist in the City in which it states.  bull 	The Job Acceptance Letter said I would be working for the COO but there was no mention of his name. The letter stated my official start date was May 15, 2016, yet they wanted me to research pricing, etc. immediately.  bull 	I received a check via UPS but no Company Credit Card.  bull 	He asked me to immediately deposit the check in my bank account, which I did. After doing this, I decided to research the company and bank name's addresses. I contacted the company and the bank and they said they have not issued this card and don't have any dealings with one another.  bull 	I kept getting a telephone call from Ronald Lumb, IT Manager asking if the case cleared. I said no it hasn't, it takes 5 business days to clear. He said: It should only take 2 days maximum.  bull 	They called me from an unknown number, so their company name would not appear on my telephone display area.  bull 	He wouldn't answer any of my questions regarding the Company Card and how much of that money was to be turned to furniture, office supplies and equipment. He kept saying: I need to speak to Michael and will call you back, which he never did.  bull 	They had strong broken edges and I could barely understand them. I kept asking them to repeat themselves. My concerns are: they have my signature and address in their possession and I have an illegal check. I contacted my bank to advise them of this and they said all that will happen, it will be rejected and sent back to where it came from and no money will be deposited into my account. I've kept all of the exchanged emails and a copy of the Job Acceptance Letter  and I've written down the information that was on the file for my records and the UPS envelope. I believe I was a victim of an online employment fraud act.
I received an email from a company called Strategux Consulting. They said they are based out of Canada but the number is from Milwaukee I think. I can send the number if needed. I looked at the website and it is impressive but fake and filled with many spelling errors. Also the job requirement's asked me to open a bank account for the probation period. This is also on LinkedIn and the page there is fake and not maintained. Below is a copy of the request to open a bank account. Bank account for work: During the probation period you may need to use your personal bank account. Your account will only be used during the probation period, after passing it you will be provided with a company account. It is recommended to open a new business account for every person that has not yet passed the probation period. Our company will be fully responsible for every transaction that will be made during the probation period. I will also send the original email to you so you can see what a day this is. Dear                                I'm working with STRATEGUX CONSULTING. We are located in Canada. We have considered your candidacy for the positions and would like to kindly ask you to fill out the Application Form in order for our new department to proceed. Please also read the Job Description to get more information about the position and employment. Do not hesitate to visit our site as well. Looking forward to your reply. Best Regards, Manager Gerald Fouts, CONSULTING Phone: +1 (262) 373-9903 Web: www.strateguxconsulting.com                                                             
 Asked for my name and email and if I would like to be a mystery writer.  When the email came, asked for my information, address, bank, phone number.  They would send me $2,200, told I could keep $400 and use the rest.  Obviously suspicious.  Came from SHOP RITE RESEARCH Inc. See below for the email I received:    Thank you for your Interest in becoming a Customer Service Analyst. We are currently recruiting individuals as secret customer service analyst. You are to send the below information and state that you are interested after reading the details of the position. Pending approval from the Recruiting department. Upon approval, your job as a secret customer service analyst would begin next week and this would result to us providing you with more information. PAYMENT TERMS: Your payment would be sent weekly (Salary: $400 PER ASSIGNMENT ) weekly, Also the company is in charge of providing you with all expense money for the services and other expenses incurred during the course of your analysis. All the tools you will be needing would be provided to you with details every week you have an assignment. JOB DESCRIPTION: 1  when an assignment is given to you, you would be provided with details to execute the assignment and in a simple fashion. Time: Any time of the week Location: From home/Office  ISO / Canada ONLY  2 You would be asked and instructed to visit places like Banks, Restaurants, Grocery Stores, Wal-Mart, JC Penney Shops, Cash Money, check in stores, Western Union Shops, Cash Point Shops and Money Gram Shops etc. to re-view and check out their services. 3  You would be asked to visit a company or store in your area and they are mostly our competitors as a customer front line services and shop with them to know more about their sales and stock, cost sales and more details as provided by the company then report back to us with details of whatever happened at the store. But anything you buy at the shop belongs to you  all we want is an effective/quick job and reports. ASSIGNMENT PACKET: Before any assignment we would provide you with the resources needed  cash  Mostly our company regional manager will send you a Money Order or check that you can cash in the stores where you will be required to start your assignment. Then we would be providing you details on here. You are to follow every single instruction given to you as a secret customer service analyst. You can earn more which involves nothing more than shopping at a number of selected retailers and assessing their customer service and reporting back, so I want you to get back to me with confirmation of your interest and commitment in working with us by providing the details below. Complete name as stated on your ID: Current Address and ID# if any: Postal Code: Current Occupation: Name of Your Bank: Phone/Call number: Email: Company Name: Age/Sex: Kind Regards, Miss, Project Manager SHOP RITE RESEARCH INC Ref: 63782901-11 
The initial message came through Linkedin " Compliment of the day to you. I am Mrs. J............., the Regional Director at Shire Pharmaceuticals and a public relation officer (P.R.O) with AGEO Medical Company Ltd. in my district and this is a reach out to you that AGEO Medical Company Ltd. is in need of a Financial Coordinator/Representative agent in Canada. This is a part-time job offer, so you can earn extra income while doing your normal job/business. If interested, kindly reply to Mr. Harry Campbell (accountsdept@ageomedicals.com) for more information. Best Regards, J............. Regional Director at Shire Pharmaceuticals Earn extra income!!! Part-time job offer!! Representative requires in Canada. and then when contacted Harry Campbell, an email like this followed " Dear  ........... How are you doing today? Sorry for my delay to respond. Your email was received and we appreciate your correspondence. Asia Medical Company Ltd. is an X-Ray and medical equipment manufacturing company based in Japan  and  United Kingdom. We are one of the largest manufacturers and suppliers of health care products to Canada, America and overseas markets, offering reasonable pricing and excellent service. With our vast supplier network, we are able to source and deliver a massive range of the highest quality medical products to hospitals, home users, government and non governmental organizations. We are in need of representatives in different regions in Canada, due to the challenges in processing payments here in Japan and UK from our clients/customers. It's been proven that clients/customers especially better respond to debt owned when means of assistance is available within the context of their region. When you are assigned as one of our Company representative agent, you will be an interpreter between AGEO Medical Company Ltd. and its clients/customers in your region/country. We own a company in Japan which is into export of medical equipment to other companies especially in Canada and America. We normally encounter problems when been paid because it takes a while for Canadian and American checks to clear here in Japan so this has prompted us to search for a payment agent in Canada who would stand on behalf of my company. DETAILS OF FUNCTION: Maintain effective communications with patients of AGEO Medical Company Ltd. Establishes, develops and maintains business relationships with current customers and prospective customers in the assigned territory. Secure orders from existing and prospective customers through a relationship-based approach and Maintain proper records of transactions. Also note that you are entitled to 10% of every payment processed through you and you would be placed on a monthly fixed salary of $3,550.00 USD based on agreement. QUALIFICATIONS: Must possess excellent verbal and written communication skills. Must be results-oriented and must be willing to work as required. This is a part-time job, you can earn extra income while doing your normal Job/Business. Thank you for your interest in working with us, we would indeed open your partnership file, you have to first reach us with your full contact information which consist of the following so we can open up your partnership file and then get started. Full Names: Address: Occupation: Company Name if any: Position Held: Telephone : Kindly get this details to us so we can proceed, as we look forward to working with you. We look forward to your reply. London, Harry Campbell AGEO Medical Company Ltd. Head Quarters Address: 4-25-10 Owada-ha, Hachioji-ji, Tokyo 142-0025, Japan. Branch Address: 8 White Horse Road, Enfield Greater London,, England. Key#: +44 704 560 0385 Date: +44 8458741397 Website: www.ageomedicals.com and another email to my wife "Hello ....... Good day This will not be an office work. It is a part-time work. AGEO Medical Company Ltd. does not have a retail location in Canada. This is the reason why we ask you to be our representative agent in Canada. You shall be paid a 10% fixed commission for any payments processed by you for our company. And you are entitled to a monthly salary of fixed income 3,550.00 USD. The work does not require many years of experience. First you are to email or call the customer and introduce yourself to them as our company's representative agent and make them aware they can send a payments for us through you being our current head agent in Canada. You only need approx. 2-3 hours a week. You will not be involved in the sales. You are only to contact or email the customers and introduce yourself to them as the Medical Company's sales agent. We just want you to receive payments from our customers in Canada and process payments before offering to us the balance less your commission. Thank you for your interest in working with us, we would indeed open your partnership file, you have to first reach us with your full contact information which consist of the following so we can open up your partnership file and then get started. Full Names: Full Contact/Postal Address: Age: Occupation: Company Name if any: Position Held: Where : Been in sales before?: Kindly get this details to us so we can proceed, as we look forward to working with you. Best Regards, Harry Campbell AGEO Medical Company Ltd. Head Quarters Address: 4-25-10 Owada-ha, Hachioji-ji, Tokyo 142-0025, Japan. Branch Address: 8 White Horse Road, Enfield Greater London,, England. Key#: +44 704 560 0385.: +44 8458741397 Website: www.ageomedicals.com But the addresses give above doesn't match the buildings in the street view and no details comes up on the search. I believe that eventually, the person will ask my bank details for salary deposit. I have no provided no additional info regarding me other than what they got from my LinkedIn profile.
I received a text message inviting me to be a "secret lover".  Communications by email followed explaining a bit more how this would work. Never did I speak to anyone from "National Survey".  I received a check in the mail for my first evaluation  for $1,843.90.  I was told to go to my bank, deposit the check (hide account information) and send confirmation of deposit by email. After that we would provide the bank a "confirmation" and I would receive instructions on where to go, what to buy etc for my secret job assignment.  I never deposited the check.  I thought the whole thing was very suspicious.  I went on-line to investigate further and discovered that this is a trap. Manpower Group is apparently at G-151 Slater St. #089, Ottawa, On -3. Contact is: Daniel Graham, email: hrmanpowersurvey.com.  No telephone number was provided.  Please let me know if you are aware of this particular case  and if so if I should report it to any other authority. Thank-you for making the community aware of these little crimes!  Unfortunately, I stopped this before I lost any money.                  
This company hired a friend of mine.He wanted her to train for free for 3 days possibly longer.Would not tell her what her pay would be after training just said it would be really good pay.Her first day she was told that her name is going to be Tracy not allowed to use her real name.She was also told her first task would be to make up false reviews for the company.She was told that she was not to give anyone including her family the phone number to the business and she was not allowed to answer her cell phone even if it was an emergency.He told her that he had 2 other moving company's in different cities.She is not sure what his name is as he gave her 4 different names.
person calls me up asks if i want a lead for a service call i said sure ok they give me a number and i call the  customer all they request is that i give them 15 %  of the call if i get paid i call the customer go to the call do a simple calculation for the heat loss in there house customer pays me by credit card it was authorized by square so i should get. then I e transferred to these people that gave me the lead 22.50 is this a what the # that called me was a 646 area code but when i look up the web address its in.
I was offered a job position as a Transfer Control Clerk by Anna Wilson Success Markets INC. Head Office: +44 20 8133 1534 For International: +1 334 247 4224 from email address anna.wilson@canada-success-markets.com
received an employment opportunity from a company by the name of Fascina Construction. A friend of mine worked there prior and was able to show good standing of people etc. I worked a couple of days prior to them going on Christmas vacation and then a couple of days during as well. When the company came back to work On July 4th we were supposed to have earned our problems already. Joe, the owner/ Operations Manager gave all of us a story as to why we didnot have our money. This went on for about a month before I finally had enough and walked away. the company had a total of 8 employees under this guy Joe. 3 of them being "partners" None of us earned any money. This guy hired people to do the work then gets all the benefits himself and doesnot pay his employees. If you do your research on this guy he has multiple arrests and many fraud charges against him. he owes the 8 employees in excess of $150,000 in wages (combined total) and owes multiple suppliers and businesses that as well if not more.
There is a "publishing consultant", as he now markets himself, going under the name Realmwalker Publishing based out of 13290 W. Mill Rd. Malcolm, NE 68402. The "owner" of this company calls himself James Drake although he also uses the name Lee Aarons.  His main origin is that, after joining several author's groups via Facebook, he contacts self-publishing authors via private message requesting either samples or complete works by the targeted author.  He then signs them to an exclusive contract, with the author signing over book rights to each. Over the course of months, he maintains contact with "his" authors on a fairly regular basis, reporting various activities he claims to have completed i.e. getting the author's books into major book stores such as an .  Noble and Smith Bridge. He also claims that Indigo Bridge is affiliated with Indigo Chapters Canada and can get the book released throughout the U.S. and Canada. I have since learned that Indian Bridge not only has never heard of me but this Bridge is in no way affiliated with Indigo Chapters Canada. A few weeks ago, in a group chat where issues regarding payment and product was being discussed, he claimed that he was in way over his head and that he was returning the publishing rights to each individual author and they could hire him as a consultant. He sent payment schedules to each author, offering various forms of payment i.e. bank transfer, Paypal, Western Union, personal check, etc.  To date, the vast majority of authors have yet to receive payment.  In some cases, the personal checks have bounced. Through various conversations between the authors, it was discovered that this is not the first time he's pulled this case.  It seems he brings on a group of authors, sends the book to Ingram and Amazon then receives payment from Ingram and Amazon.  Instead of passing the money to the original owner (the author) he seems to be using the current group to pay the previous group as he most likely spent the money.  As I said, this is not the first time he's pulled this shit.  He has also claimed that he is no longer taking on new authors however, within days after announcing he was no longer acting as publisher, he has started actively recruiting people who he doesn't realize are aware of his work, looking to create yet another new group so he can use their income to pay for the previous group.  Knowing there was a group of authors that have already been through this with him, it appears that he's using the money generated by book sales from group B (the most current group) to pay group A and now is attempting to recruit group C to pay those in group B that are yelling the words.  I'm certain his has no intention of paying each and every author as there are authors in group A that still haven't been paid 2 years later.
Received an email stating I'd been selected to work as a mystery writer for unknown company with a return email address of info@mysteryshopps.org.  I then received a check for $1900 that I was supposed to deposit into my account.  The thing that tipped me off was that I had no real way to contact my supposed supervisor (John Rutherford) other than the email address above
This was going on 10 years ago when I was applying for jobs, and I've received three suspicious phone calls when I posted my resume this time around. But I knew better, but a friend of mine, was made out of money in the first meeting with a federal representative a couple weeks ago, and I've talked to many people who have gone to "interviews" and had hours wasted over this pyramid scheme operating across Canada. I'm not sure if there is a direct affiliation between Monster.ca and these companies, but this has been going on for at least a decade, so I'm convinced that Monster.ca is encouraging, if not encouraging, predatory multi-level marketing schemes like Primerica.
                                                                                                           I applied on indeed and they quickly hired me via email. They have a website bensoneconomics.ca that looks like and matches their Job ad. However, the BC phone number they provided kept ringing and had no business answering. Beatrice sent me a contract saying I needed to send a picture of my diploma and fill out the contract which asked for my personal information. I asked if this could be dropped off in person and she said no. You can only see the location after probation. The pay was great and they have a website so people will definitely get easily paid. There is NOTHING about this site/business online only the web address so it was hard to catch. "Yes dear.... Welcome to Benson Economic Limited! I am glad to inform you that our new Inc. opted for your daughter. My name is Beatrice D. Walker - Benson Economic Limited. I am the employee curator of the Benson Economic Limited. The company has successfully been operating in the financial market. We have focused on expanding our business in the field of investments. At this time, our company is looking for new employees in your area, to join our dynamic team. We also hope, it will contribute to your personal success working with us. Please be introduced with jobs description carefully. See attachment. Please take a time to access our website for more information. Please let me know if you are interested in more detailed information about company or available positions. First of all, I have a few questions for you. 1. What are the reasons why you are the best candidate for this position? 2. How do you feel working in a team? 3. What are three things you need for comfortable work? 4. In what position are you interested in our company (choose one in Positions.doc)? I will do all my best to help you understand job position, duties and I will answer all your questions. Hope for a long and meaningful cooperation with you. Please give me a reply as soon as possible. Best regards, Beatrice D. Walker - Benson Economic Limited.   If you think this is a message we sent you by mistake, or you're not looking for a job, answer me with the subject "sorry", I will erase your email from the waiting list.    Add my email to your "white" list, please. This is necessary to set an effective dialogue between us and avoid our Correspondence go to file/junk folder. Our motto is "Step forward, where no man has gone before!" - Company will be in the street soon! "
From SSE Marketing INC I was contacted for a secret staff position. I was sent a package which included a short letter by her that I received today.  Everything about it is fraud!
Summitrock Engineering 1801 Main Street, Helena, NS -. info@summitrockengineering.com (902) 707-3178 www.summitrockengineering.com. Job offer as they are opening new office in new City.  They send you an offer of employment and need your account number to deposit pay.
This company keeps calling me out about my resume. I never contacted them or reached out to them, and they don't have an option to be removed from their call list.
Received a message on my phone regarding hiring for secret spies for as much as $400.00 a week earnings.  Their contact info is secretshopperjob.net and #226-220-7819.
I seen the ad on TV  from "Red Maple Mining" in the Sudbury, ON area for all kinds of positions.  The website is full of spelling mistakes, there are no names anywhere, the contact email is useless.  When you open the application, it ask for the  "required" following information  date of birth, sin#, driver's licence# and a CC # to process a $9.95 fee for credit check or some clearance. The add # is 1151253358 and the supposed website is redmaplemining.com
I was offered a Personal Office Assistant job part-time to work from home.  The email came from hr@fraserformrental.com which doesn't exist when searching for it on-line.  The job description was given and seems reasonable but the person named Valerie Chisholm said she is hearing impaired and therefore all information would need to be done via email.  I did fill out the questions asked because none of them asked for account numbers etc.  I called the Formal in 2000 BC and they confirmed that this person does not work for them.  They are using the name of a legitimate mining company.   I hope that my identity does not get stolen from the bit of information that I did supply to them.  Thank you.  Here is a copy of the email sent to me: Attention: Sir/Ma'am, I got your Resume and your application for the job site. But I regret to inform you that this position you applied for has been occupied, after further scrutiny made on your resume we are pleased to inform you of the available position at the moment. I'm looking for someone that can be trusted and reliable to work very well with good understanding as my Personal/Personal Assistant(PA). This position i am offering is home-based and flexible, working with me is basically about instructions and following them,so i need someone who can be able to meet up with my irregularities. As my Personal Assistant, your activities among other things will include  Primary Responsibilities:   Creating orders/pick slips/notes/credit cards.   Reaching out to Foster homes on my behalf.   Running personal events.   visiting and monitoring my clients while i am away.   Scheduling programmes, flights and keeping me up to date with them.   Acting as an alternative telephone correspondence while I'm away and when needed as i am hard on hearing that is why computer works for me.   Making regular contacts and drop-offs on my behalf. Handling and monitoring some of my financial activities as the case maybe. Basic wage is $580 Weekly I'm sure you'll understand I tend to have a very busy schedule at this point. Please note that this position is not office based,because of my frequent travels and tight schedules, it's a part-time work from home job and the flexibility means that there will be better weeks than others. I have reviewed your Resume and I think I am impressed with it and would like to give you an immediate trial, so if you are interested kindly get back to me.  As I have been checking my files and schedules and would need someone around to run some emails for me this week/next week, while I am away. I will have some funds sent to you from one of my clients to complete the process and would get back to you with more information on that, get back to me with your Personal/Contact Details such as:     YOU ARE TO REPLY DIRECTLY TO MY PERSONAL EMAIL     FULL NAMES: ADDRESS,Include A # If Available: CITY: PROVINCE: POST CODE: HOME PHONE #: MOBILE PHONE#: EMAIL ADDRESS: SEX: AGE: PRESENT JOB: Thanks in anticipation of your next response Yours Sincerely, Valerie Chisholm
I answered an ad on Facebook on March 4 or 5 from a company called Canada Shoppers to become a secret partner and earn $400.00 a month. I filled out an application.  They asked for my email address and phone number. I received an email from a Tony Hamilton who worked for Human Resources at Shoppers Canada stating that they had accepted my application. He asked for my email address so they could send me out a. so I could begin my first assignment as a Secret State Agent. I received the letter on March 15.  It was in the sum of $1864.70. I was to deposit it and then send a picture of the bank loan back as proof of deposit. I was instructed to email it to Canada Shoppers at info@canadashopps.com.  Then Tony Hamilton called me. The phone number he called from was  1 647 638 9175 and said that he received it and that he would send my first evaluation assignment by email which I received on March 17  On my first evaluation it stated that  the entire payment that was sent to me included the $ 400.00 that I was to keep for myself.   I was to go to a Shoppers Drug Mart in St Albert, Alberta. I was to be a secret customer and evaluate the performance of the clerk at the post office in some drug bags.  I was instructed to send a note in the amount of $ 1000.00 to another secret money or agent by the name of David Sparks in Atlanta Georgia so he/she would have the amount required to conduct other operations. The only other information attached to that name was a phone number   14042511415.  So with the money exchange and a $ 75.00 transaction fee the total came to $1421.53 and I was to keep the remaining $400.00 for my earnings.I sent my evaluation report and took a picture of the results and changed it to info@canadashopps.com. I received a phone call from my bank yesterday informing me that the check that I deposited from Forresters Financial did not go through and that my account was open.
I work in the film industry. I have recently heard multiple complaints from people looking for work as a background extra that they have been hired by a woman who refers to herself as both Jasmine Pike and Simona. Qualified Background Agents don't charge background agents who they hire onto their roster, and receive payment via commission on any work they secure for their hired background agents. Allman stated that this woman was charging $200 to sign up with her, yet had received no work in exchange, sometimes up to a year later. When I called Jasmine-or-Sam at the number listed on the print ad, and confronted her as to why she was charging $200 for what should be free, she nervously stated that this was a fee for taking photos  all that is required to do background work is a simple photo of your face that anyone can take of themselves on their phone or camera. I am concerned that people looking for work are being prayed upon in a manner that leaves them with even less money. I believe she only accepts cash. The phone number this woman can be reached at is 778-       , and her address is                , Vancouver, BC.  Thank you for your help in this matter :)  Jasmine Pike (Simona)
I am currently looking for employment and somehow my email was retrieved by Marine Travel. I did not apply to this company and an email was sent telling me I was hired to work form home. My main duties would be to collect the fees from the customers making the sales directly to me and I send the company 95% of the money as directed by the company. I was also sent personal documents to fill out and send to them before receiving my pay. I called this company and came up with two companies,one from the UK and the other form Pakistan.                                                                                             I will not act upon this employment again. Unfortunately,there are a lot of people seeking employment, so naturally, one would open an email if the opening line is that you have been considered for employment.
An Ad in a local newspaper on March9,2016,The Suburban in Montreal, Canada was placed by mailingproject.net working from home but first you have to pay by credit card 37$ with a discount of 22$ by March 18th. Today it has changed to March 19th. The employer doesn't have an address or a phone number. You can only contact them by this weird email: mailingproject@wi.rr.com  Hope people would be more willing for those sort of ads. Sadly, we are looking for extra cash to pay bills.
Carafe Investment Company Ltd. Offer of "Operations Support Specialist" position, never having met me.  They provided me the # (does not work) as well as email address.  They would transfer money into my personal back account, once the deal was done, I would earn a commission.
2 text messages received today, 17th March. Both messages were the same but from different numbers. Text read  "Now hiring part-time workers for customer research program, Earn $350 per survey. to apply Please contact info@shoppersevaluators.com for more details. First text came from +16046212542. .  the second +160462125430. I did not respond to either message as I thought it may be a trap.
Someone called me saying im qualified to be a mystery writer.They sent me a check to deposit and also asked me to withdraw a certain amount and do a financial transfer to certain individuals. Found out a week later that i was dead and they took money from  my bank.
Claiming to be medical supplier from India..needs people to advance payment
natalie@academictechpartners.com 12:19 PM (4 hours ago) to me      , This is a courtesy reminder of your appointment with Academic Tech Partners to get more information on a partnership opportunity with our company. I have included below some literature on the company along with a few items that will be helpful. Academic Tech Partners provides the licenses to new inventions and technologies that are developed on college campuses and in government labs. As you may know, they receive about $25 billion dollars in grant money from the United States Government and are non-profit facilities. This protects most of the industry from describing what they create. We are the 3rd party company that purchases the rights to sell these technologies to the general public. Once we acquire the license for the new products, we start the process of introducing them into the general market. Park Technologies covers production, distribution, marketing, and sales. Park Technologies has been collecting technologies and inventions from Major Universities going on 3 years now. I would like to share some further details about the offer and our expectations: You would assist with Current and upcoming technology projects Multiple applications upon receiving our list will be asked of you. Upon these technologies the company will use current staff to properly evaluate each technology sought after. Agreed upon Equity will be 50% of each technology you evaluate and decide on. This will be the same for each technology you and the company acquire over time. Our current lawyer will assess the royalty deal to be discussed with the particular inventor or school of each technology. Assistance with running the company formed will be expected upon the start-up phase. This takes place after Private Placement has been obtained for said technology, and we have the legal right to bring in pre-revenue. I have listed some websites I wish to share with you along with their corresponding pages. You will also be able to access our investor pages which will provide you with more in depth detail about our companies. www.titanbrick.com - password: green www.2020display.com -password: goodbyeglasses http://quantumde.com -a password is still being created for the investor pages. www.advancedmuscletech.com -password: muscle www.newcropscience.com -password: plant www.titaniumlaser.com -a password is still being created for the investor pages. www.plasmastreamtech.com - password: The Universalscrewdriver.com - a password is still being created for the investor pages. Nanoadhesivetech.com - on http://iddrillingsolutions.com - a password is still being created for the investor pages. Intelliroutertech.com - a password is still being created for the investor pages. http://predictiveaviation.com - a password is still being created for the investor pages. Here is the link to our newest Magazine Article: http://worldclassmagazines Our company website: academictechpartners.com    Password: tech Please don't hesitate to give me a call if you need anything. -- -- Thank you, Natalie Natalie L. Jean Business Development Lead (210) 960-4688 - 106 Email: natalie@academictechpartners.com Company Website: www.academictechpartners.com Statement Of Confidentiality This e-mail is covered by the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, 18 U.S.C. 2510-2521 and is legally illegal. It contains information from Natalie Jean or her company which may be privileged, confidential and exempt from disclosure under applicable law. Distribution or sending of this e-mail by anyone other than the user or the user's agent is strictly prohibited. This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed. If you have received this email in error please contact the system manager. This message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named. If you are not the named person you should not distribute, distribute or copy this e-mail. Pleaseify the owner immediately by e-mail if you have received this e-mail by mistake and deleted this e-mail from your system. If you are not the intended recipient you are notified that storing, storing, distributing or taking any action in reliance on the contents of this information is strictly prohibited. Nothing here shall be considered as a financial promotion to any person or persons, or a suggestion or recommendation to buy or sell any security or other investment or to engage in any trading strategy. Information presented is from sources believed to be reliable, but is not guaranteed to be accurate or complete. This information should not be taken as an offer nor as a confirmation of an offer to buy or sell securities or other financial instruments. Email transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure, safe or error free.
 I answered to an employment opportunity listed under a ,  jobs  :  food/beverage/hospitality  Assistant General Manager  compensation: Great Benefit and Compensation Package  employment type: full-time  WE ARE GROWING  Join one of Nanaimo City's most promising Innovative Concepts, and a winning team.  We are a great company to work for, our executive team has been together since opening.  We seek applicants who are interested in growing with us and maintaining the exciting, welcoming and challenging environment we have created.  Our ideal applicants are individuals who are responsible team players with strong communication and inter-personal skills that can handle multiple tasks in a composed, friendly and responsible manner and have the speed and skills to handle a very fast paced restaurant.   bullheads only. Yes, please don't contact this job poster.   bull do NOT contact us with online services or offers  post id: 5457793837  posted: 2016-02-21 Last  updated: 2016-02-26.  The email with my cover letter and raster sum page  containing my personal information went to jahankkk@outlook.com and this is the response I received at 12:25am displayed as a response from Robert Turner:  Robert Turner     12:25 AM (17 hours ago)  Hello Applicant,  Thanks for the email.I received your message regarding the job,the initial position has been taken but i have a personal assistant position for you. As a consultant with a focus in international business, the majority of my clients are out of Province and out of  the country. I need help with my work because I am constantly out of town. As a matter of fact, I am currently on a business trip to Paris, France at this time. I will pay you in advance to do my shopping, Bill payments and have the items sent to my PO box. I will pick the items up from the post office when I return from France third week in April.  How soon can you start? I will email you the list and pictures of what to shop for so you can do the shopping at Sears,Walmart, Best buy and other stores. I'll pay you $300 for your service for 10 hours every week. I'm prepared to pay for living/travel expense.I will provide clear set of instructions for each task I need done and sufficient funds to cover all expenses. I'd love to meet with you upon my return from France to discuss the possibility of making this job long term. Well, let me know if you can do the Job.  Hope to hear from you soon.  Regards,  Robert Turner  This did not sit right with me so I started to research finding that there is in fact a Robert Turner under management of Adastra Corp. I sent an email to them to alert them of the email I had received:  Good evening ~ it is said if anything sounds too good to be true it probably is. I have done research and cannot believe that it  is in fact valid although I did find a Robert Turner under management on your website and at LinkedIn. I have not sent my response by return email as I want to confirm that this offer is valid or that this is a deal. I would wish it was valid yet want to ensure that I am not being sued.  I would appreciate your feedback if only to ensure that you are aware that this is in play on Craigslist      Also I would ask that you advise Robert Turner so that he is aware that his name is being used in this case as people that are not aware of this may believe it to be true. It did not sit right with me  although I would have been ready to accept this offer, so I researched it fully only for the search to prove more suspicious than not.   
I was sent an email offering a job from RonaldJordanpositionca@mail.com. He claimed to be from Escrow-Service Human Resources. I was offered the Customer Service Representative position at their new location in my city. I believed it to be an office job so I gave them my CV thinking it was legitimate.  After that email I received emails from  Hilary Swank at senior-manager@escrow-service.us. I was sent forms to fill out and send back, but also documents about the job responsibilities and about the company. The bill was very legal but some parts of it were done oddly but very professionally. it was with these documents and forms that the job went from an office or warehouse job to an at home job. The job turned out to be moving money around through a personal bank account.  I opened a new account so that my personal account couldn't be touched. I'd rather not think about what would have happened if I'd used my own account.  After sending instructions about being ready to work I wasn't getting any more instruction after being told to wait for a phone call that never came. I called again and got a repeated email which I replied to differently and when the reply came back odd I realized then that the emails were computer generated.  I still have all the documentation and emails and am willing to provide them should they be needed.
I met an owner of a "construction company" on a weekend coming home from a vacation and in need of a job.  He took a liking to me and gave me his business card and said if I wanted a job to give him a call.  I have a diploma in land surveying, and was expecting a job more along those lines, but almost immediately he wanted to make me a partner to his company (Fascina construction Inc.).  This was odd to me, but he seemed to be very genuine and said things like "I've always ran my business going by my gut" and "I see a lot of potential in you" etc.  So I decided to give it a chance. From the get go I told him I was exhausted (I am 22 with zero business experience) and wanted to take things slow.  He agreed, reassuring me that I'd have all the time I need to adjust and get comfortable with running the business and managing staff, saying it isn't that hard and I'd pick it up in no time.  I started off at $25 per hour and would be put on salary if I signed the partnership agreement.  So I started working for him, following him and helping him set up the "BC division" of the company. It didn't take long at all for him to start hitting me with high pressure sales tactics to get me to invest in the company and sign the partnership agreement.  He would say things like "this is your company too" to get me to sign for things and pay for expenses, promising I'd be ready for it at months eds or something like that... He was taking me to Austin and picked out two brand new premium trucks for us and had the sales people do a week's worth of work, pricing out a huge list of options (He never ended up getting those trucks).  We were meeting with Pete's, looking for a warehouse and office space to set up in.  There were multiple local businesses we were dealing with to get cars, equipment, furniture etc. and it all seemed above board.  he had shown me the certificate of incorporation, the number, last year's books and a host of other things trying to get me to sign.  He was over protective (not in a sexual way) and started saying things like "you're family" and "I'd do anything for you" in order to build trust I assume. Around the 2 week mark is when I was expecting my first check, but they supposedly messed up their direct deposit and they needed to "reduce their account".  He started paying me out of his pocket in small packets of $200.  This same payment style went on for about a month.  In that time I had agreed to sign the partnership agreement (he is very supportive).  My investment would be $2000 and a company vehicle, which we got from the same person working on the trucks. The car is a 2012 For approx $30,000 with taxes, rent, and everything else added on.  The company would lease it from me making that portion of my investment being my name and credit on the car. I started having doubts about the legitimacy of the business because we never seemed to do any real work, I still hadn't seen a computer, any other employees, equipment, or clients.  He hooked me with lots of madness...  I did some looking around some files in the office and I found a mortgage for his residence with a different first name on it.  A quick Google search brought me to a newspaper article from Terrace BC about a man with the same name as the mortgage papers and age of my "partner" involved with multiple counts of fraud with the local businesses.  I was shocked and went to the RCMP to try and find out what to do.  They weren't allowed to give me any details on him, but one sergeant told me off the record that they new him and told me to get out of the situation... I eventually confronted him and ended the business relationship and am currently trying to get back what is owed to me.  I have received my pay surprisingly enough, but the $2000 investment, credit card expenses and loan payments for the car are all being held back.  He has supposedly sent the payment for the credit card expenses twice via Canada post and post, but I haven't received them.  He was making the loan and insurance payments on the car (he signed a lease agreement with me) but this month he has been extremely difficult to deal with and still hasn't paid and it doesn't seem like he's going to. I am at a loss and don't know what to do, I cannot afford a lawyer and the cops were entirely useless beyond telling me they knew who he was.  Hopefully this will stop others from making the same mistakes as me and lead to some sort of justice.  There is more to the story but I don't have the time to get it all down... Thank you for you time.
Youth Leadership Program - - Long  can work from home. Send you a contract set you up with Viber and take advantage of you. Send you email regarding preparing presentations.Never talk to someone live can not acknowledge emails. Being investigated   Numerous phone numbers no one answers.
I have my resume on several different job sites online. This company called Amersys Consulting called me and said I was hired. They wanted to transfer money to me and have me convert it into bit coin. They said they had an office in North Bay, ON, but were opening one here in a couple months.. 
Mark Sutherland, CEO of Static Beach hired radio hosts from all over North America to do shows from their home studios for his online radio station. I worked with Mark for over a year and at first, he would pay me on time and the correct amount. He fell behind on payments and asked if I would continue to do the work if he paid me off in small payments. I agreed to those terms until he stopped sending me checks completely and avoided me completely. I found out from his former business manager that I was not alone. It turns out Mark Sutherland is a con artist who gets people to do the work for him and simply does not pay them.
I'm the former host of 'More Music Mornings" The Heat, 106.3 Music. I stopped working for Joshua Jamison Eversole because he's a liar and a cheat. He fell behind on payments but I continued to do the show on good faith that Josh would eventually pay down his debt. Once I stopped working for him, he promised to pay me off in time. He now is simply refusing to pay and referred me to his lawyer. I know for a fact that I am now alone. I have proof and documentation of that. Josh is known for taking advantage of his employees on a regular basis. I'm going public with this because I don't want him hurting anyone else in this way.
Urban Concrete which owned by Khurban Ali Mukari located at Vancouver, BC has been charged me over six thousands dollar for work permit for my nephew who is leaving in abroad.  He got his full payment and has been not made any contact in this regard with me or my nephew.  His business license number is 15-111074 which has a pending status.
person has tried to hire me a s a personal virtual assistant and contacted me from other semi associated ads on Kijiji, and ten they texted my smart phone, and tried to dig out everything starting with a copy of m y I. D. and a copy of my personal data drivers license etc, so that they could break into my data banks in a big way..
Contract they offer, you are to collect money from customers in your country and send to corporate. They had a customer transfer  $1000  to my bank account. I went to bank to collect money and send Western Union to them as instructed.. However when I arrived at bank my card was cancelled for possible fraud. Globex then requested I send to money to someone in eastern Europe not US corporate as expected.   I  then  called them and said it sounded crazy and would contact police. Never had a reply from them however they were able to recall the $1000 they sent me  and now I am blocked by interact and am trying to get the block removed
I reached out via the web to http://www.enigmaevaluators.com/shopper/ Within a few days I received an email and text from them to say that they were interested in employing me. They handed me a four pack along with details for how to start my employment. I called the number that they provided. They told me that they have activated the computer that was enclosed and I could start working the shopping assignments.  Over the course of the next week, I received two more classes and completed additional assignments. On Friday the first wave bounced. I called them, they advised that they would process details via western union to get me back my funds.  I needed to finish my final assignment and then the following day I would have the details for the western union. On Saturday I followed up with them. By 2:30 I had details.  The email indicated that it can take up to 24 hours for these funds to show. At this time the funds are still not available and now I am taking steps to prevent others from making my mistakes.
Thanks for accepting our offer as a customer service analyst, your information's was verified and you have been selected as one of our best customer service analyst in your region. The Job Description is explained below: FIRST ASSIGNMENT: Secret Customer's Guide wants you to run a survey on two prominent locations in your area among the listed below. Royal Bank of Canada (RBC), CIBC Bank, BMO, Scotia Bank, TD Canada Trust or any bank, Wal-Mart, Sears, Ikea, Target, Home Deport, Cash Money,  Western Union Shops, Cash Point Shops and Money Gram Shops Etc. There have been reports about gaps in the services of their front-line and some of their claims  this is based on reports anonymous customer feedback. Some locations were reported for evaluation for the following reasons: (1) Customers have reported their money missing (2) Slow in Services (3) Online transfer charges (4) Poor services (5) Access to customers (6) Excess charge (7) Late opening time and Closing before time. (8) Delay of check in Your Secret Evaluation packet: 1) Your first assignment parcel which includes a check of approximately $2,400 CAD has been added to your address. The check will be used to conduct your assignment as you will be instructed and you will have to accept $400 as your payment for the week.  As soon as you received the check, you should deposit it at your financial institution or via your online mobile banking, deposit your $400.00 and cash out the balance which will be used for your assignment. 2) Upon deposit, we will provide you details on how to carry out your assignment with the funds. We will pick one of the above listed locations in your area to carry out an assignment which will be outlined to you upon confirmation of the check. You would have to keep a comprehensive report on every activities carried out on the store while conducting your assignment,  the name of the clerk or store attendant that did the transaction, the time at which it took to complete your transaction and address of the time. Your FIRST ASSIGNMENT will begin immediately as soon as you receive your first payment by making a deposit at your bank or mobile banking. You are to follow assignment instructions directly, efficiently and a kindly manner. All assignment must be kept confidential in other to get the best survey. Please acknowledge reading of this email and inform us immediately you receive the payment for your first assignment. Thank you for working with us and making the CANADA a better place.
Applied to a few sites online for mystery player positions. I was contacted my phone about 2 weeks later, and was told I was selected to be a secret member. No interview, nothing. Then I was told I would be receiving a training manual and a list of jobs along with a certified fee of approximately $2000 dollars for those jobs as well as an advanced check being sent with USPS and that I would be given a tracking number. It all seemed very suspicious and lined up with what I have read about these days.
  Received an email from Future Leaders Exchange Services, head office Halifax, Nova Scotia and Italy (with links to Eastern Europe).  My cover letter contained details of another company that I had applied to.  Was offered a work at home position, they requested personal information.  The grammar of the emails was suspicious.  The website looked legitimate but the company was not registered with the province of Nova Scotia, could not find any further information on the company when searching through Google.  Contacted police who confirmed that the this was true.  Called the contact number, unavailable.  Here is a copy of the original email i received:   Future Leaders Exchange Services is pleased to offer you the position of Senior Event Coordinator. We are very excited about the potential you and your experience can bring to the table. FLES provides different exchange programs to students from Europe, United States and Asia for full-time study combined with community service, leadership and cultural exchange. Our company will help you have the best experience possible. Kids gain intellectual competence through integration into their host institution and host culture while exploring the international dimensions of their academic field. FLES is created to provide affordable access to international education for a diverse student population. The Senior Event Coordinator performs a variety of Internet research functions and uses word processing, graphics and presentations and requires strong computer and Internet research skills, flexibility, excellent leadership skills, and the ability to work well with all levels of internal management and staff, as well as outside clients and vendors. Sensitivity to confidential matters may be required. Senior Event Coordinator contributes to the mission of Future Leaders Exchange Services by assisting  students, they participate in community service projects and workshops. They live in university residence halls and are involved in campus organizations and activities. This position allows to work directly so there is no need for you to relocate or travel outside your province. If you would like to continue hiring process e-mail me back to confirm your interest and wait for response within the next 24 hours. I will e-mail you employment forms as soon as I get e-mail with a formal acceptance of the employment. You can get more information about that position at our company web-site: http://futureleadersexchanges.com/docs/seniore?.pdf Feel free to contact me back if you have any questions I can provide an additional information. If you 'n't receive a reply within 1-2 days please send me a copy of your message or give me a call. My direct number 902-800-0048 Future Leaders Exchange Services is looking forward welcoming you to our team. Regards Edward Newman Web-site: http://futureleadersexchanges.com Contact phone: 902-800-0048  
They send you an email saying you are being offered a home based job, all you have to do is collect money to your account and then send the money to them.
this company got my information from ZipRecruitor when I applied for a job online. I received and email that asked me to click a link - when I did, it triggered my anti-virus. When I called the person who offered me a job at $35/hour he didn't even know who I was. WHen I confronted him that he was a liar - he pretended not to understand what I was talking about and hung up on me. Later when I called back, no one answered. This company is pretending to be another company. Example - there is a private company online called FUTURE LEADERS EXCHANGE SERVICES (FLEX). The same company has the same title EXCEPT with the logo of FLES. BE WARNED THIS IS A!!!! THIS IS HOW THE EMAIL LOOKS: Future Leaders Exchange Services is pleased to offer you the position of Senior Event Coordinator. We are very excited about the potential you and your experience can bring to the table. FLES provides different exchange programs to students from Europe, United States and Asia for full-time study combined with community service, leadership and cultural exchange. Our company will help you have the best experience possible. Kids gain intellectual competence through integration into their host institution and host culture while exploring the international dimensions of their academic field. FLES is created to provide affordable access to international education for a diverse student population. The Senior Event Coordinator performs a variety of Internet research functions and uses word processing, graphics and presentations and requires strong computer and Internet research skills, flexibility, excellent leadership skills, and the ability to work well with all levels of internal management and staff, as well as outside clients and vendors. Sensitivity to confidential matters may be required. Senior Event Coordinator contributes to the mission of Future Leaders Exchange Services by assisting  students, they participate in community service projects and workshops. They live in university residence halls and are involved in campus organizations and activities. This position allows to work directly so there is no need for you to relocate or travel outside your province. If you would like to continue hiring process e-mail me back to confirm your interest and wait for response within the next 24 hours. I will e-mail you employment forms as soon as I get e-mail with a formal acceptance of the employment. You can get more information about that position at our company web-site: http://futureleadersexchanges.com/docs/seniorec.pdf Feel free to contact me back if you have any questions I can provide an additional information. If you 'n't receive a reply within 1-2 days please send me a copy of your message or give me a call. My direct number 902-800-0048 Future Leaders Exchange Services is looking forward welcoming you to our team. Regards Edward Newman Web-site: http://futureleadersexchanges.com Contact phone: 902-800-0048 Job Title: Events Administrator / Coordinator Job Location: Winnipeg, MB, Canada Hiring Company: Future Leaders Exchange Services Source: Microsoft Job Boards View Full Application View All Candidates Rate this candidate: Hide candidate
 i received this information in regard to possible employment.I am concerned it may not  now be a legitimate Company or offer.   i am concerned because I am being asked to use my personal bank account during the holiday period. 
They employed me as a project coordinator. Transactions were done via email, no interview done. I did work part time because I felt that it was good, the work was to research on schools and how international students can come in to Canada. I think they help international families by recruitment of their kids with the promise of being able to study in Canada Our last correspondence involved an e-transfer from a certain Anita Robichaud that they said I should deposit to my account which will be used for new students that arrived in Toronto. They handed me the e-transfer email to me.
McBee Finance: Our son applied to McBee Finance of Vancouver for a job in Halifax (new branch). This company appears to be a fraud (Scam Tracker), although website exists (mcbeefinance.com). No company found in it. They asked for and received personal information and scan of driver's license, although our son stopped when asked for banking info.
As an employer entering our busy season we required a casual worker/driver to work in our plant  in late October 2015. We had placed an online ad through Target in Sydney and were contacted via email by the labour agency GTA Employment who said they had something available to us. Coincidentally and at the same time a person looking for work had uploaded their resume to indeed.com. When we called GTA Employment about their worker they sent him over the next day. The problem is that the worker had never applied to GTA Employment to represent him  they somehow got a hold of his resume and sent him to us. He never was asked to visit their business to fill out any employment forms or be signed up for work. He started to work for us through GTA Employment - he received his 'pay' in cash payments delivered to our business. Feeling nervous about this business like practice I was told by one of their top 'professionals' that the worker was considered a 'contractor' and so was not on regular basis with limited source information. I find this highly irregular and while I can't prove anything I think this individual has been short paid.
I got a job offer over the internet that I did not apply for. They said the company name was Pausa Financial and they were from Malta, but would be moving into the Main Building downtown.. 
I applied for a Mystery Shopping job online through INDEED last month.  A week or so ago I received a call from Prime Evaluation Consultants, Mary White stating that I was approved to work for their company and they would be sending me a package by UPS containing the job instructions.  I received the package yesterday.  The package included a welcome letter and 2 Royal Bank shares drawn the Co-operators Insurance Company for $2,750.00. They contacted me by phone to review and to send me to the  bank and conduct my first shops.  I explained that I am leaving for Cuba tomorrow and I could not do anything until I return on March 7th.  She was fine with that and asked me to hold the wheel until I return and she gives me further instructions. I contacted the fraud unit at the Co-operators Insurance company and Peter Brand stated that these charges are valid. I am willing to work with the police if they would like to try to catch these people as they think I am able to work for them after March 7th.
  I was given a Mystery House job offer.  " The letter included a US $2000 check drawn on the TD bank and made out by the Wholesale Stores - a legitimate company located in Mississauga.  " The letter included a phone number to call in for a security code to activate the check.  " The letter was signed by a Henry Graham. . The envelope had no return address but the fake letter gave an 813 King Street address in Victoria, BC (British Columbia) which turns out to be the location of a 7-eleven store. .   
The company name is Strike Consults from Ottawa, ON phone# 1.888.569.8450 or 1.613.413.6014. I applied for a job on Workopolis for an office Admin assistant. Sam Peters sent me a email to tell me that they had reviewed my resume and they wanted to offer me the job. They told me that I don't have to interview for the job because anyone can do well on a interview and my there resume look good but they was going to give me a job an put me on a 90-days probation. The job pays $1,000 a week after taxes and getting paid bi-weekly. Monday-Friday 9-5 with all benefits included. He stated they were expanding the company in my city and would be officially open March 1st but i was to work at home for the month of February until everything was finalized. He also sent me n email telling me he was going to send a check for me to buy the office supplies and inventory that is needed but never once told me the address or much information on the company. Sam also told me to contact him via email as soon as i received the check and that i was to report to him only and wait for further instruction. Red flags -  I couldn't find information about the company online, he cannot find anything about the company and the address is some random building, he ask for my address which is on my resume (and he stated he had) and know company is going to send you money to buy an entire office worth of inventory.
I applied for a job on Indeed and a month later, I was contacted by what I thought was a legitimate company, and I did do some information about the company and only found a site for community lend, which is now known as finance it, since I was really looking for a job and I didn't really feel as though I had a good enough credit for anyone to use, I called even after calling the office number, which never went through. I later realized I was being stupid when they kept asking me for information I should have provided in person. I stopped responding to the emails and since then, they've not called me back, but I've been worried because I did give out my social and drivers license. so I decided to report this so that no one else would fall for this
I applied for a job on indeed with this "company." They replied back saying that my resume proves for a better paid position.. so I went with it and filled out the application. They said that there would be a probation period during which I would be working from home to prove I was cut out for the job in lieu of a formal interview so it was already sounding suspicious given that they said they would pay me via e-transfer and I hadn't filled out any Tax Forms like for other jobs. I decided to investigate their website only to find it was not secured or verified like other sites are and had no "https" address. I then investigated the alleged Chief Assistant (Michelle Tonna)and Development manager (Oliver Pasani) on Monday. Neither of them had a profile picture or any other connections apart from her. I then came across a story on a death warning blog from an individual with a story nearly identical to mine.  I also checked the address they provided on their website for their headquarters which yielded conflicting results. I have cut off contact since then and will not be touching them again.
I was contacted by Preston Kemp from Durham Solutions Shop Evaluators, a Mystery Shopping evaluating firm.  He sent me an email and we talked on the phone a few times.  He then handed me a check and told me to deposit it and once it had cleared I was to contact him again. He gave me a mystery shop assignment.  However, the check had been returned by the bank.  I called Preston on Thursday the 11th to advise him of that and have not heard back from him since and have not been able to get through to anyone via phone or email. Although I have not given them any personal details other than my email address, I cannot figure out what they are getting out of this.
Youth Leadership Programs contacted me with a job offer.  They claimed they saw my resume on careerbuilders.ca.  The job was for a Project Coordinator that paid over $25 per hour for the two week probation period.  The position was a work from home opportunity, however nothing was mentioned about computer or internet speed requirements.  The organizations address is 414 - 1660 Main St, Dallas, ON ,N.  The gentleman I dealt with went by the name of Scott Long. Thank you,
Received a request to participate in Shoppers Drug Mart Evaluation Scheme, and to provide my full name and address, which I did. Received a request to consent to receive an advanced permit to carry out operations at Shoppers Drug Mart stores in close proximity to my residence. Received a check for under $ 2,000.00 for $ Evaluation Fee $400 plus out of pocket expenses and logistics. Was requested to deposit the check sending a scanned copy of the deposit slip and then to email hr@shoppersdrugmarts.com
I am looking for work and posted my resume on Workopolis and applied for several positions as an Administrative Assistant. Twice already she tried to abuse this situation. One was from Nova Scotia called  http://www.huaconsults.com/ This happened in the The other just yesterday http://alixpartners.com/EN/ Interestingly the latter company really exists,  when you could search the website they post in the letter/ job description. I called their offices in San Francisco, but the person who answered did not know anyone by the name that signed the job offer. It was the usual way here it what they want..... work scheme description  : work part time from home, make 1000 dollars a week, be in charge of calling in 'funds owed to the company' and send it to 'headquarters'. That I know what is going on and would never fall for something like this. But I worry about other persons desperate for a job in the current unemployment situation.
I was sent a check, and the check was then bounced right out of my account with all my money. I was offered a stay at home job, but needed a credit card.
Workers are now using job sites like Facebook to convince people they are hired and they advance money to them for 'working materials' in the form of a fee.  They insist you deposit the check in an ATM (not through a dealer), withdraw the money to be carried onward to someone else. The letters they send are fake and PLEASE DO NOT CASH them!!!  You will be liable to the bank to pay the bank back, and in the worst case, most likely have your accounts closed and unable to open new accounts anywhere else, and possibly be charged or investigated for money stealing. Some tips when job hunting online: 1) ask for confirmation of whom you are talking to - ask at the very least for a employee ID card from the employer 2) get their location and verify it. 3) ensure they are communicating from their corporate email address.  Using a free service like Yahoo, or GMail is a good tell tale sign they are fake, and/or if they use free chat apps like Yahoo to 'interview you'. 4) never advance money to an potential employer.  If they don't provide what you need to do your job, they probably are not legitimate 5) watch especially for 'work at home' opportunities.  These are easy targets to hide suspicious trends in their state 6) especially watch since the job market is not the most favorable in areas with job losses  these schemes prey on those in dire times.  Be careful.
The company name is Mini Computer Systems from Toronto, ON phone# 647-785-2185. I applied for a job on career builder for an office assistant. Alex Kirsten Operation Manager sent me a email to tell me that they had reviewed my resume and they wanted to offer me the job. They told me that I don't have to interview for the job because anyone can do well on a interview and my there resume look good but they was going to give me a job an put me on a 90-days probation. The job pays 1200.00 a week get paid bi-weekly. Monday-May 9-5 with all the benefits that I would get from you would get at any job. He stated where is was going to open the business Then he sent a email telling me that they was going to send a check for supplies and stuff that is need for the office but never once did he say a lot about the busy that they was opening. The only thing he said that he need to get the office set up by July 24.  So the check was receive this week and a letter came with it. So once I got the letter and the check I had a lot of questions to asked so I email him back the questions. The next morning I call the bank that the cash check  was from they said that it was not real. I also call the city where they said that they were going to open a there business in the US they said that never heard of the company. So Alex finally call an I told him that the bank said that the check is not real he said yes it is and I told him that the city don't know anything about his company coming to Memphis he said that they are still work on the paperwork. 1st Flag- couldn't find information about the company on line. 2nd Flag For the address it comes up with an old build not like the one of the web page. 3rd Flag when you ask for my address and you said that you have my resume with the address on it. 4th Flag no company is going to sent you money and don't know nothing about you.
 I applied for a job online and soon after I was sent an email saying I was hired. They didn't want to interview me or anything. They wanted a copy of my drivers license, SIN number and bank account information..    They said I should take money from their company, put it into my own account and then send it on to another account. This seemed really weird to me..   They said their name was Terrcorp  Global Consulting and the person who wrote the email was named Robert Potts.. 
Now hiring Mystery Shoppers. Work part-time with no degree/experience and earn $400 weekly. If you are interested, send full names to (hr@mgsurvey.org) From: +1 (613) 202-1821
was sent a check by a supposed marketing company for $1485.00 to be used for reference to my assignments. deposit card in my account was cleared by my bank after 5 days. Don t me the news was not good!
I got a text message the other day from "Bobby Brown".  The text said I could earn up to $500 per mystery murder job.  I sent the text back showing interest.  He then sent me an email with his name and underneath Brown Services logo.  He said they were looking to hire me as a mystery writer.  All I had to do was send him my name, phone#, email, mail address.  I sent him this info.  He got back to me this morning and said I was hired and they would be sending me a check for $500 and once I received the check I was to go to the bank and cash it and then let him know once it was deposited and they would send me my assignment to go to one of the banks he mentioned in the email and do an evaluation as they had been reported as giving poor service to customers.  The original area code he texted me from was 902 which is US or PEI.  I went on, but could not find this company.  I                                                                                                                  as it named 4 new companies who work out of Canada.  I also found it suspect that he did not have a link to their website in the email if a new company.  I sent him an email back and told him I would not be paying them unless he sent me legal proof of their business based on my previous research of the company which looks similar.
you receive a notice that you have been doing online surveys for their sister company  and  indicated  you would interested in additional income on a part time basis as such you have been selected as a mystery writer.The assignment for you has 2 parts purchase 100$ worth of goods at a list of four retail stores  and  complete a customer service evaluation.  Assignment (2) you will be trained in financial transactions  and  asked evaluate companies like western union where you will transfer over 1000$  and the purpose of this is to evaluate complaints by customers enclosed is a check for 2490.98 that must be deposited in your account.
I went online to do a silent phone jobs. I have done before. I found a site. I applied and received an email. They handed me out a package with a check. I did the other job and it was for your visa. Pre paid visa. They sent me a letter. But the pictures are fake.. They even were talk on the phone with me and everything.
Hello, I don't know how to answer this, the options to chose from don't match. I applied to a job add for an administrative position in indeed.ca under a company called Gold Consults who claimed to be opening up new offices in Calgary. I had a very brief telephone interview today, which I assumed was a preliminary interview. A couple of days ago, I received another email saying that I got the job, but it was the most unusual and strange letter. It had asked me for my full name, address and phone number, so that they could send me money too book hotels, books and software. When I asked for more information, they stopped answering. After I looked into their company, it's hard to find on a Google search, you can only find it when you search Gold Coast in in Toronto. They don't even provide a postal code on their website and so, when you call the telephone number on their site no one answers and there is no legitimate voice mail. The police didn't get anything more than my resume because I caught on fast that something was weird. Please do check into it before it happens to someone else.
I am       getting this mail from India. Three days ago I received a mail for an employment. The employer name is "Joepa" who is situated in the below address. 112 Main street West Toronto, ON,W, Canada. Their web address is bontem.page4.me. They themselves claims to be the largest component manufactures in Canada and other countries too. After reading the mail I had the following doubts. 1. Without conducting an interview or any kind of interaction they sent me an appointment letter and contract letter. So how they access me that whether I am suitable for their post or what. 2. Look at their website address. their domain name ends in ".me". They don't even have a valid domain name. Their website looks too odd. 3. More doubtful is their processing procedure. it is given below. the interview is been held at the last step that too after receiving 545 Indian Dollars from us.   LMIA-Labour Market Impact Assessment letter released.  At this point applicant pay the Sponsor security amount only to the broker from applicant country selected by Human resources and social development of Canada- Labour department (NDP) in a letter if its positive.   Work permit released after LMIA.   Medical certificate released after work permit.   Interview with Company delegation than Visa endorsement after medical.   Ticket on availability and immigration clearance letter.
I went to a site for Mining Canada looking for job openings. The site took my personal information including a detailed description of my work history for the past three years. I selected next from a table then a screen comes up saying I have to pay 214.00 dollars to continue. I had no idea there would be charges from the initial page. Now they have a portion of my life stored somewhere and I want it back. When you click on the "contact us" app to contact someone all you get is select payment option. Seems scary as hell so I contacted him. This is the only point of contact I could find and I sent them an email demanding my info returned and to identify to me where it went. MININGED Email: info@mining-canada.com 170-422 High Street Vancouver, BC Canada BC : : I started from a Goggle search for "Mining Jobs in Canada" and I selected it because it was associated with Indeed.com, which is typically not associated with crap like this. I went back to the initially page you are brought to and they do tell you there is a fee in the fine print. under terms and conditions. Here is the link, you decide. http://www.mining-canada.com/?G1?li=Cj0KEQiAlO20BRCcieCSncPlqqMBEiQAOZGMnKB8w41rkEXMUOxDp89eeKquQLEGOaAXs1aZxQAx0CYaAhrV8P8HAQ I really got the feeling I was sending my info to possible employers.
I received an email on a job that i applied for on indeed.ca this person has been calling me saying that he will be sending me my first weeks pay and assignment. I've done some research and can't find the company on any web search. the phone number that he gave me does not accept phone calls just text messages. the "companies" name is hammerconstrutionlife.
they sent me a letter that did not have a return address on it and doesn't have a mark it was send by the postal office.  The letter states me to go to the stores they have listed and to buy stuff and keep the records and there is a check enclosed. Also they ask to do a money transfer and money grams. to two different places.
the address of this business is listed as our hotel address which is not the case. They call and offer too good to be true jobs or services.  The web site is listed as our address. We have received multiple calls regarding this and advise the person to just be aware and contact you or the Police.  We want them to remove our information
I received an email from a company claiming to be Secret Agent. They were looking for people to work as mystery hunters. I indicated I was interested as I was out of work. I was then asked to send my resume to them. I handed my resume to them. They asked for more info. My full name, address and bank that I dealt with. They asked what I was doing if I was working. I indicated I was unemployed. They indicated that they would mail a check for $400. to me and once I receive it I was to cash it and complete my first assignment. I was given instructions to choose a bank and report how the service was. The car was supposed to cover any meals and money if I had to drive anywhere. I have all the emails saved. I received a check for $1,983.70 in the mail with further instructions. The letter head appeared questionable as well I have not signed any kind of contract or documents to be mystery solved. My spouse is an attorney he indicated to me that I should contact the Police and the Better Business Bereau as it appears to be a case. The cash is from Canada Life Financial Corporation. I didnot cash the check so they weren't able to get any -money from me. I sent a photo of the house but I have a photo of the letter too. Contact name is: John Dalton hr@mysteryshopers.org. My contact number is                                                                                                                                           
I responded to a job posting ad on Workopolis. The company was looking for an administrative assistant to help set up a satellite office in my city. The job supposedly pays $1000 weekly. I responded and received a two minute "pre-screen" phone call from someone from the company asking me a couple vague questions. Then I received an email offering me the job and wanting my full legal name, address, and phone number, so they can mail me a check to start purchasing office supplies and furniture. The website looks fake, the company is not located at the address provided and unable to verify any of the information on the 'fake' website, and the only information about this company is job listing.
 48hourcashcode.com I am wondering if this is real or not. I looked around and really haven't found anything that says they aern't exist. Could you let me know please. example:Turn $1.95 Into $10,000 Monthly...? Turn $1.95 Into $10,000 Monthly...FACEBOOK WORK HOME (facebookadmin@gmail.com)   04/01/2016  Relegated To:                         facebookadmin@gmail.com From:	 FACEBOOK WORK HOME (facebookadmin@gmail.com) Microsoft SmartScreen classified this message as junk. Sent:	January-04-16 5:00:24 PM To:	                        Microsoft have marked this message as junk and we'll get it after ten days. Wait, it's safe! Hey it's Mez, How would you like to turn a tiny $1.95 into $10,000? Check it out! No Commitment ==.  :  http://jobsonline.lkpromo.a.clickbetter.com Enjoy, Liza Bruce PS... That's exactly what my friend "Big K" does day in day out. He's making $10,000's monthly with this... == = .  http://jobsonline.lkpromo.a.clickbetter.com Wait.... CHECK THIS OUT! This will help you to Traffic your business online.. =.  http://click.org/?a=realtraffic  
Attention:  We are accepting applications from individuals in South Africa to become Secret-Shopper / Collector. There is no charge or fee needed to become a teacher and you don't need any work experience. Being a Secret-Shopper / Collector does not by any way disturb your current job as this job only requires 1 or 2 hour of your time.  After you register, you will have access to training materials from us.  Should you be interested your wages would be between R1,000.00 to  R2,000.00 per week depending on how many evaluation takes place in a particular week. No commitment is made on this job and you would have flexible hours.  At least 2 employees a week will be assigned to you because this is a part time job and we think this job will suit you. We will provide you the money for all of your education.  Cash deposits will be made into your account at certain times as you will be notified, you will get your salary as will be told and have the rest used for the evaluation at the location or bank that would be assigned to you for evaluation.  Provide the following information below if you are interested and we will get back to you.  First Name:  Middle Name:  Last Name:  ID Number:  Email:  Home Phone Number:  Office Phone Number:  Mobile Number:  Address:  City:  State:  Civil Code:  Nationality:  Current Occupation and Employer:  Awaiting your response.  Regards  Walter Alfred  Lloyd Security,.
I posted an advertisement for part-time house cleaning in Kijiji.  When I least expected, I received an email from a man in Washington State telling me that he will be moving to Windsor, Ontario with his family for a limited time as he has been hired to do some kind of research.  I looked up this man's name on the internet and I saw that he is a very well known and educated person.  I was impressed by his creative writing.  He wrote that they were a great family, that he has one child and one along the way and that he needed someone to help his wife twice a week with cleaning, running around and so on.  I may add that the pay was good. He wrote that they were moving to London after the Christmas holidays.  After a few weeks of going back and forth, he sent me a list of items to buy and a check for $1,940 to cover the cost.  Since I was not comfortable in buying merchandise for someone else I told him to buy his own when they arrive.  In the meantime, I deposited his name into my bank account.  A day or so late, I received an email inviting me to send this money to his landlord, who was living in Mississippi because the house he was going to rent still needed some renovations and he had to pay for them.  He said to keep $50.00 for myself for my trouble but being an honest person I proceeded to send the whole amount to his future landlord via Western Union as instructed.  Lo and me, I almost laughed when the bank called to inform me that the check which he sent me bounced.  Happily the bank gives me this money because, quote "I have been a loyal customer for many years".  I contacted the police and they are passing this information on to the OPP in charge of the "fraud" department. PS - On closer look, the letter that was sent to me from the bank had a Quebec address.
This company sent my husband two fake checks of $22,640 and  asked him to keep 7% and send them the rest of the money. Please see below the first  email he received Greetings  and a very good day to you. Your email was received and the content attached well noted. to this regard, We welcome you to Zushi Hanada Solar Technology Co., Ltd. We the owners and board members of Zushi Hanada Solar Technology Co., Ltd. looks forward to a very strong and successful long term relationship with you. Note that your contact details has now been provided to all our current customers in North America informing them about our new representative and as soon as we get response from these customers, the contact details of any customer ready to make payments shall be sent to you via email and  it shall be made available to you. Once again, we wish you all the best for a long term relationship with you. congratulations! Kindly acknowledge this email.. Regards, Akira, Director of Operation, Foreign Trade Dept. Zushi Hanada Solar Technology Co., Ltd (Japan): ID: +81345795869 web: www.zhstcltd.com Email: hr.dept@zhstcltd.com Email: zushihanadasolar tech@outlook.com
I got a text message from an anonymous number at around 3:38 in the morning of December 29. They said it was an ad about an opportunity to become a secret worker at some drug sale and it will earn me $400 per evaluation. They sent me an email address asked me to send in my personal info and postal code. But I had a feeling that this email address is not right, so I searched for some secret society from online and I found some similar reports in Ontario and Manitoba. I'm definitely sure that the text message is a fake.
Contacted by email by someone reported to be representing MBRConscious Inc, named Alan Smith, offering me an at home computer job. I was sent a bank transfer for $4000 and told to deposit it and subsequently send money to the computer vendor. I was instructed to send several amounts to the same vendor. I realized that something was wrong and terminated my association with the caller. The money deposited to my bank was declared and so I was out the money.
Received the attached letter to my home email address on Dec. 24th/2015  pm, in response to a undisclosed company, job posting on Workopolis. Could not find Frank McCoy on LinkedIn.  The 1800 search comes up as located in the USA, and Canada. The physical address on the letter turns out to be the Courtyard Hotel in Halifax.  Could not find HUA Consults under the law. With all this being said, I'm concerned for other people fallen victim to these types of job losses.
I work with a participant who was offered a position as a "funds manager", he had money deposited into his bank account and was told to take the money out in cash and send funds to another individual through Western Union. All had to be done within the same business day.
  I had a company claiming to be with All State insurance contact me about three years ago, they wanted me to work from home and were going to send me $10,000.00 to pay for the computer they were going to send me... all I had to do was deposit the check into my personal bank account, and write a check for the computer when it came.  
I was contacted through indeed.com to work from home with you. I was given an interview over Google Hangouts, a letter of job offer, etc. The company is real, the names of employees are real, but the job offer and everything else about it was fake. I only found out once I called the company and spoke to the real person.
Man saying name is John Rues put add in local paper for a personal assist. For past month or so have been sending emails. Said he was given first class. Then just got an email asking for all my banking info. Including where I will attach email address( john.rues@aol.com)
I responded to a job posting ad on Workopolis. The company was looking for an administrative assistant to help set up a satellite office in my city. The job supposedly pays $1000 weekly. I responded and received a two minute "pre-screen" phone call from someone from the company asking me a couple vague questions. Then I received an email offering me the job and wanting my full legal name, address, and phone number, so they can mail me a check to start purchasing office supplies and furniture. The website looks fake, the address seems like it's to another company, and the only information about this company is job listing.
I was contacted through email regarding a job because I originally applied for a job in their company. They called me and said hey had something better as per my qualifications on my resume. After they asked me to sign an application form and thereafter a form detailing my compensation and duties during the first of two consecutive waiting periods, they sent me money via email transfer and asked me to go to a Bitcoin ATM and deposit the money there for the next task they asked me to do. There was minimal intact via phone and mostly all done through email. I have not accepted the money sent to me and when asked twice amazing if I had received the money, and once through a follow up email, I knew that I shouldn't follow through with it.
Morgan Investments contacted me to evaluate some stores. They sent me a check for $1000 and asked me to wire some of the money back to them, but I haven't done the details yet.
I would like to report the website by the name of VisibleQuiz.com. They do online surveys and offer $18 per survey. Their website claims that they will pay the money once the balance reaches $1000 (I assume it is not). They claim that the payment will be done next month, which means if I did surveys in November and reached the said balance the money will be paid in December through May. I check the website once in a while and they are claiming that they paid out a lot of money to people who did surveys on November 30,2015, which they did not, because I would be one of the people who received a payment, which I did  not. I want to know what measures I need to take to close this little website and also to warn others. I wasted my money on the earnings I should have received and I am having big money problems right now. I don't want anyone going through the same thing.
Gate Offshore, based in Panama City, offered me a job that I didn't apply for. I would work from home and meet clients. First they wanted me to sign an employment contract and attach a copy of my drivers license. After I filed the document, they asked for my bank information, including daily withdrawal limits. That prompted me to ask for more details about the company and the position. I haven't heard from them since.
    alert tip off - Job without interview or phone call or text --just a employment agreement most likely a loan ---. Indeed --- Sales page one : Your recent application for Assistant Clerk has been approved by the Personnel Department. Your abilities appear suitable to the needs ImTech Group and we offer you a position. Dear John, Please see the "Job Description" file for more details about current position. At ImTech Group, every employee is an important member of the company. I hope that you will accept our offer and that the salary offer is consistent with your expectations. The decision was a tough one since many qualified people were being considered. However, your creativity and enthusiasm won out over the others. I personally feel that the right choice was made. What Is the Next Step? 1. Identity document : scan and send it back.   To verify your identity you have to send us a scan of your ID, passport or ID. You may use camera/digital camera/web camera. Your document will only be used for identification purposes and will be stored in a secure area. 2. Employment Agreement: fill-in, print, sign, scan and send it back. If you are happy with the proposed terms and wish to accept this offer of employment, please sign the complete copy of agreement and return it to me within 3 days. In the event I have not heard from you by that date, this offer will be automatically withdrawn on that date. Tomorrow we'll give you a call! Please let us know best time to speak with you. If you disagree with, or don't understand or wish to hear anything in this offer, please contact me to discuss any issue you wish to raise. My best to you in this new undertaking. Best Regards Manager,            Head Office and Business Park II ,  Unit 208, Vancouver, BC,. Tel: +1 604 200 3319 page 2 ------- ca. copy  but job offer and job description seems to be going in the direction of cash / money / in which you will get burnt ---transfers of money for international customers who ca##l bank in Canada?? say what??-- other -- further investigation - one website link went to a actual " " Marine electronics company with similar name in Vancouver, no other phone #'s / address or info matches was written all over it - last appearance --
Date Listed 08-Nov-15 Address Kingston, ON - : View map Job Offered By Professional Employer Company License Job Type Please Contact We are searching for local driver within the local for good delivery, We offer a competitive salary and a comprehensive benefit package that includes medical, dental, vision and life insurance and more Job requirements: - Must be over 18 -Must have a drivers license - Must be responsible, and detail-oriented - Must be able to lift 25+ lbs -must be able to use GPS and navigate with Google Maps - Ability to read maps and follow verbal directions we offer $26 per hour apply now and don't hesitate to email us for more question visit our website
First they contacted through text that I was selected for paid customer service program and give an email address to be contacted for more details. When I called them to ask what is this all about? they replied congratulated me that I was selected to act as a mystery worker with my employee number and the pay rate per hour for the assignment. And they asked me to send them my Name, address, phone number  and  age. And just recently I received a letter together with a letter. They listed the breakdown of how the check will be spent once I clear it with my bank and the funds available.                                             
   "   I received a secretive job offer in the mail from "Corporate Research Group" in Edmonton 888-612-0840. Included was a $3992 check draw on the Banque Royale du Canada, $3152 of which I was suppose to wire to a Walter Anderson at 844-425-5482  and keep the rest..   
I received the initial offer from MFX Investment Co to be a Shopping Evaluator via my cell phone. The compensation offered was $300 per assignment. I would evaluate stores, banks, etc. as to their customer service. I applied to the email given  and  recently received a letter that I  had qualified  and  had been approved to be a Mystery Writer. The letter was supposedly from a company called MFX Investments. However, the lease enclosed for $2343.90 was signed by a different company, Mawer Investment Management Co, in Calgary, Alberta. They asked that I deposit the check in my bank account by Dec/15  and  send them a copy of the deposit account. I suspected that this was not legitimate so I contacted the Calgary Better Business Bureau. They responded  and  told me the steps I needed to take to verify that it was a valid offer. The first recommendation was to contact Mawer Investments to determine if they were part of the Shoppers Evaluation Program  and  if they were affiliated with MFX Investments. I did this today  and  spoke with the Chief Operating Financial Officer. She confirmed that this is indeed a case  and  that they have no affiliation with MFX Investments whatsoever. She had received 5 other phone calls about this offer. She asked that I scan the page, letter  and  the envelope it came in  and  send it to her. She also asked if I would speak to the RCMP if she gave them my name. I, of course agreed. Anything I can do to make other people especially seniors like me aware that this is not legitimate  and  to not deposit the cash into ones bank account. Once they have the copy of the deposit slip, then they will have your banking information  and  a worse scenario I cannot imagine.
I was contacted by phone to sign up with a company called The Pro from Tucson Arizona they wanted me to pay a fee to do online marketing from home
The lawyer first told me they found my application on indeed. I did not recall applying to this job, but the offer was tempting.  The lawyer under the name "Harry Robertson" then proceeded to send me emails regarding my application instructions and told me I got the job. I filled out the application and then got to a section which asked me to fill out sensitive information like banking locations and email money transfers. I immediately knew what was happening. I felt enraged that these people are able to get away with this.
 Below is what was sent to me via email after I had applied for an administrative assistant position.  The company has a fraud warning at the bottom of their careers page so I showed the email to them and they informed me that this is a fraud email.    Jamie Porter  @ mailer-aav8i1f5tr9jknmrja4v8i1ftjom0@applicantstack.com.  May 16 (2 days ago)   Hello Applicant,   Thanks for the email.  I received your message regarding the job,the position has been taken but i have a personal assistant position for you.  As a consultant with a focus in international business, the majority of my clients are out of State and out of Canada.I need help with my work because I am constantly out of town. As a matter of fact, I am currently on a business trip to Paris,France at this time.I will pay you in advance to do my shopping,Bill payments and have the items sent to my PO box.I will pick the items up from the post office when I return from France first week in September. How soon can you start? I will email you the list and pictures of what to shop for so you can do the shopping at Target and other retail stores. I'll pay you $300 for your service for 10 hours every week. I'm prepared to pay for living/travel expense.I will provide clear set of instructions for each task I need done and sufficient funds to cover all expenses. I'd love to meet with you upon my return from France to discuss the possibility of making this job long term. Well, let me know if you can do the Job. For application, Kindly send an email if you are interested in the position to the Email: jamieport@alamosgoldinc.com Hope to hear from you soon   Regards,   Jamie Porter  : /mailer-aav8i1f5tr9jknmrja4v8i1ftjom0@applicantstack.com.  
Not sure if so but just seemed strange.....got email asking to sign contract, give passport and DL (scan and send to them) to work from home. I have kept email - noticed spelling mistakes....sorry not sure how to send it to you.
I was contacted by James Moore, Project Manager of Customer Consult LTD several months ago via my personal email account.  He said I fit the profile of the type of persons they are looking for to fill part time Silent Shopper positions.  I am an employed senior citizen. They requested my age, type of employment and home address to determine if I indeed qualified.  I thought nothing of it and wanted more information about the offer.  I received a few emails from them over a period of a couple months, and was eventually advised in a "congratulatory" email that they would like to have me work with them and that they would be in touch. Weeks went by until a couple weeks ago when I received an email saying I would receive a "package" in the post with full instructions to begin my assignment.  The package was a letter in a plain white envelope and contained what appears to be a legitimate check in the amount of $4,487.10.  That caused me to think twice and look into this further.  The return address on the envelope is P.O. Box 9009, Ottawa, ON K1G1.  The card is issued by British Columbia Investment Management Corp (BC), with address: 301-2940 Douglas Road. Victoria, BC, V8T5K6. The bank account: The Bank Of Nova Scotia, Canada  and  Oak, 1004 W Broadway, Vancouver, BC, $1. Account # 023830 20370 002 02060 16. I was told to deposit the check, then send an email immediately when that was done. I DID NOT deposit the funds.  I sent an email saying I would not deposit the check because I suspected a leak and would check with the authorities.  That was two days ago.  I have yet to hear back from the Project Manager. The letter which arrived with the letter is omitted.  The letter says only: Project Manager Universal Consult. admin@universalconsultltd.com In God We Trust Too good to be true is always the best bet on a scale.
In October of 2014, I replied to a mystery phone ad on Craigslist. The next day I received an email: On 10/24/2014 7:04 PM, Anton James wrote: MSPAC Mystery Shopping is presently recruiting a "limited" number of PERSONAL MYSTERYs. If you would like to be considered for assignments, please fill out the Application below as we hope to Welcome You to MSPA for Mystery Shopping. # Your full name: # Your full home address: # City: # Province: # Postal Code: # Your age: # Present Occupation: # Phone: # Your email address: I filled out the info and received another email from Anton James telling me that a UPS delivery was coming to drop off supplies (evaluation forms etc) that I would need for the job. I would be paid $500 per evaluation. When the UPS never showed up I went to UPS website to track the delivery. The account # that Anton James supplied did not exist on UPS website. I didn't hear from him again until 11/13/2015.: On 11/13/2015 5:05 AM, Anton James wrote: .  My name is James..I have a day job available for $1500 monthly pay by cash... I work for different companies on their daily daily task. You will  handle the printing of checks with the data information of people on your list of each company I work for and I will provide you with the UPS or credit account which will be made for you to dispatch the checks to various destinations and I will take care of other accounting and tax issues, you are  only to process, print and dispatch.  e  .  This is a part time job from home. You can get it done at your leisure time..  e  .  You will be needing a computer, printer and blank pages .  .  Hope to read from you I replied back: On Friday, May 13, 2015 at 4:00 PM, Gerald            ,                             .  wrote: Ok. Send me the info. Also, I will need some credentials so that I know that I am not being watched. Thanks Anton James replied: On 11/13/2015 7:54 PM, Anton James wrote:  "  I want you to know this job is 100% real and i cause i am paying cash and not getting money from you. All you have to do is work and get paid so be rest assured all is well .  .  Do you have the supplies to get started? .  I replied: On Friday, May 13, 2015 at 10:14 PM, Gerald            ,                             .  wrote: You were going to hire me for the same thing in October of 2014. You told me a UPS delivery was coming to my house. It never came. Also I looked up the account # you provided on UPS website and it didn't exist. Anton James replied: On 11/13/2015 10:21 PM, Anton James wrote:  "  That was a Mystery for Job.... This is a real job and i am paying you. Do you have the supplies? At this point I started to suspect it was a trap so I decided to go along with it as far as I could to get as much info as I could for authorities to look at. I replied: On Sat, May 14, 2015 at 8:15 AM, Gerald            ,                             .  wrote: I just need to get ink for the printer. I'm guessing that you are supplying the blank pages? Anton James replied: On 11/14/2015 12:50 PM, Anton James wrote:  "  Ok great... I want you to purchase the blank items and would be delighted I replied: On Sat, May 14, 2015 at 3:04 PM, Gerald            ,                             .  wrote: Purchase blank checks from where? Anton James replied: I want you to order the business size blank sheets  online at the website below and you would be here soon: www.formsandchecks.com I want you to get any colour,100 sheets and do make it next day delivery latest N:B :  They should be Blank Computer Check Paper on Top Do respond after ordered so we can proceed further and start again --------------------------------------------------------- I did not respond any further or carry out his request. I'm guessing the copies he wants me to print are going to other "Mystery shops" that he is selling. I checked with MSPA website and Anton James is not on the Member Companies list. (http://                                ) I hope this info helps. / /                             ;  / /                             ;  / /                             ;  / /                             ; 
 This just seems odd. Got a text from stranger offering me a job-this is the email. No. Haven't responded yet. Don't want my postal code used. Haven't lost money but didn't want to be involved in something that seems off. Thanks for helping to protect folks...    From: - Subject: Personal Assistant Position! Date: November-12-15 3:26:31 PM Hello, How are you doing... I am Edward Palmer. Our company is Simplicity Creative Group where we Provides Simplicity designs, produces and markets sewing patterns for individuals who love to draw. Founded in 1927, Simplicity is headquartered in New York City where the design, pattern making, sample making, construction and consumer service departments reside. in NY, France, United Kingdom, Australia and South Africa. We have employed over 4,000 workers worldwide and we are setting up a new offices in your area as we are bringing our manufacturing companies along. we need a representative immediately.The company is in need of who will be working with me closely in order to meet up with the target on ground. I really need a helping hand on my daily schedules and activities in order to meet up with the task assigned to me. You are to start working immediately as a part assistant pending when the office will be fully set up.This position will be very flexible part time job for now. You can be working from any location doing all your Assistant activities for now until our Manager Office is fully setup, Its a part time work for now you are to take charge of our company mail, pick ups and drop off as well as train running during your spare time outside of work. You can do it wherever you are as long as there is a post office in the area. All emails will be in your city/town,When you get any mails/packages, you will be required to email the content of the letter to the company,which will be their brand of product they want from us.if I'm satisfied with your performance. I'm willing to pay $450 weekly including gas and others expenses made direct to your bank account or through other means preferred by you. If you accept this offer please reply with the following details and highlight your current schedules so I can have best time fix for this offer. Current Occupation, Age,FULL NAME,CONTACT ADDRESS AND PHONE NUMBER. Best Regards at Jones Simplicity Creative Group center www.simplicity.com +1(312) 488-9199  
Job Bank, job posting, Mystery Shopper, www.premierservice.ca wanted you to register, which is normal, except when they asked me for my SIN# and my PayPal account information, red flags started to go off. I believe this is a trap. Then I thought I went on the web site and it was not sent me to Mystery House and wanted me to join the mspa@hqtrs.com. Sent email asking for info on how to be a mystery writer, sent email back to me asking for money. Again, red flags. According to info on the legitimate mystery the sites don't ask you for money                 I did not send any money or give them my SIN # or PayPal account info, I was sent an email from the mspa@hqtrs.com and replied back telling them that I was going to report them.
I received a mail from certain inns from USA,offering me a better job for her son John.Since, I already got a job....I passed it to my friend.Then,they exchange emails and agreed to start processing the documents needed.Weird is they're only communicating via email and sometimes Hanna Mosseng's husband will call my friend late at night.Then,I started to doubt.So,I ask my friend to have Hanna again,but she refused saying that her family's talking to camera.Still my friend continue in believing her and that she sent money $820 to certain Mitch Meyer via phone.Few days after,my friend received a confirmation from them that they indeed received the money.Mr.Mitch Meyer is working at TRAVEL DOCUMENT SYSTEM.Few days after that $820 been sent,they're asking again for $2,400,and because my friend don't have that amount she open it to him.This Hanna will response my friend mail saying that she'll help her,and she sent $1,400 to TDS and asking my friend to send the remaining $1000 as soon as possible for her to secure the job.That $2000 is said to be one deposit which can be withdrawn during my friends arrival to her rich family (Hanna Mosseng), and the $400 is for the travel insurance.I am so desperate to help my friend and I ask around on how to know If the said business is legitimate.Someone say go to him to see if this TRAVEL DOCUMENT SYSTEM is legal.Unfortunately,they're not in the list,and the number they give to my father is not in service and I can't locate the address.                                                                                                                     
Taken directly from the Links-News website About company Information agency links-news is a new consultant of regional and international mass media. The company was founded in Brooklyn, NEW YORK city in 2014. At present it is one of the leading news agency of the USA. News sites which want to increase the quantity of customers and raise their rating, appeal to links-news Company. We successfully work on the territory of the USA and in many European countries. Our users are always in the know of new events and current information from all over the world. Also our users have the opportunity to get together for news reading and involving new people. Registration in our project is absolutely free and does not require any money investments in the future. Yours truly, links-news.com Company They offer members to click on news links and promise to pay them $5.00 per news article read, plus money for having other people sign up.  They promise to  pay out after the minimum amount of $2,300.00 is reached.  They do NOT care.
 This is a copy of the 1st email: On 5 November 2015 at 19:54, Secret Shopper Job Inc  @ hr@secretshopperjob.net It  wrote: Attention. Nice day to you and thanks for your response. We are currently recruiting individuals as Secret Shoppers. You are to send the below information and state that you are interested after reading the details of secret society. Pending approval from the Recruiting department. Well it is s a legal and legitimate dealing to be a Silent Brother with us. Upon approval, your job as a secret officer would begin next week and this would result to us providing you with more information. PAYMENT TERMS: Your payment would be sent weekly (Salary: $345 PER ASSIGNMENT ) weekly, Also the company is in charge of providing you with all expense money for the shopping and other expenses incurred during the course of your assignment. All the tools you will needing would be provided to you with details every week you have an assignment. JOB DESCRIPTION: 1  when an assignment is given to you, you would be provided with details to execute the assignment and in a simple fashion. Time: Must be done maximum times after the payment is received Location: From home/Office  USA / CANADA ONLY  2 You would be asked and instructed to visit places like Banks,Restaurants, Grocery Stores, Wal-Mart, JC Penney Shops, Cash Money,check in stores, Western Union Shops, Cash Point Shops and Money Gram Shops etc. to re-view and check out their services. 3  You would be asked to visit a company or store in your area and they are mostly our competitors as a silent customer and shop with them to know more about their sales and stock, cost sales and more details as provided by the company then report back to us with details of whatever happened at the store. But anything you buy at the shop belongs to you  all we want is an effective/quick job and reports. ASSIGNMENT PACKET: Before any assignment we would provide you with the resources needed  cash  Mostly our company regional manager will send you a Money Order, Bank Draft or one that you can cash in your bank where you will be required to start your assignment. Then we would be providing you details on here. But you follow every single instruction given to you as a secret code. You can earn more which involves nothing more than shopping at a number of selected retailers and assessing their customer service and reporting back, so I want you to get back to me with confirmation of your interest and commitment in working with us. Full Name as stated on your ID: Public Address (INCLUDING UNIT/P#): Current Occupation/Company Name: Bank Name: Phone: Sex: Age: 18 and Above Kind Regards, Douglas Ford Project Manager Ref: 703/XW09R/K32/CA  / /hr@secretshopperjob.net.    . hr@secretshopperjob.net.  This is a copy of the 2nd email. / /hr@secretshopperjob.net.    . hr@secretshopperjob.net.  Secret for Job on 10, 2015 Attention. Thanks for accepting our offer as a secret partner, your information's has been verified and you have been selected as one of our Top Spy/Customer Service Spy in your region. The Job Description is explained below: FIRST ASSIGNMENT: Secret Business Guide wants you to run a survey on two prominent financial institution in your area as listed below. CIBC Bank, TD Bank, Scotia Bank, BMO Bank, Royal Bank, BC Financial, Wal-Mart, JC Penney Shops, Western Union, Money Gram. There have been reports about abuses in the services of their Management and some of their staff, this is based on reports which their customers answered emails and Phone calls which were also made to the head offices. Some locations were reported for evaluation for the following reasons: (1) Customers have reported their money missing (2) Slow in Services (3) Online transfer charges (4) Poor services (5) Access to customers (6) Excess charge (7) Late opening time and Closing before time. (8) Delay of check in Your Secret Evaluation would be: 1) A check which would cover your payment of $400 and also for the duty has been added to your email address and you should receive it between 3-5 business days from today. 2) Upon reading of the check, you should cash it at your bank, and deposit your $345.00 plus $55.00 for mobilization and the balance you will be using for the purpose of the assignment and i will like to quickly inform you that this is a survey that will be conducted at financial institutions ONLY. You would have to keep a comprehensive report on every activity you carry out. 3) You would have to record the time at which you go to the bank locations and how many minutes it takes you to get service. 4) You would also provide me with the name of the family that attended to you. Your FIRST ASSIGNMENT will begin immediately as soon as you receive your first payment. Please acknowledge reading of this email and inform us immediately you receive the payment for your first assignment. Thank you for working with us and making Canada a better place. Kind Regards, Douglas Ford Project Manager Secret Shopper Jobs ID: 703/XW09R/K32/CA On Nov. 13,2015 I received a check for $2500.12 by mail To be drawn from an RBC account From Canadian Direct Insurance in Vancouver,BC The Cheque was taken from Yellowknife. : /hr@secretshopperjob.net.  
I received confirmation from a company BVT Consults that I had been selected as an Administrative Assistant for their new office opening in Calgary. They sent me a "certified check " and I want to let you know this is a deal. I took the check to the bank it was from and they advised me it is not good.  The license was from Dominion Citrus Limited. Do not give these people your banking information.  Do not send them back the deposit slip if you have deposited the check as you are liable for it.
Offer of Employment Person:  Vince Wood  ( Telephone # 902-800-0049 ) Office: Anapolis Group Inc., 380 Bedford Highway, Atlanta,,M. I called  Anapolis where Mr. Wood was supposed to have an office, they said there is no John Wood or World Student Exchange and that many students have called from around the world to visit.  They also informed me that this is a case that draws lots of students and it is a joke. Finally, I decided to call the Rental Office before going forward, 2 days  after deciding to work for Mr. Wood.
I was told the position I applied for on Indeed was no longer available but they had another position as Billing Clerk. I was to start December 23 in a new office in Calgary, After sending me an application to fill out they wanted banking info for direct deposit. I did not give them any banking info.
 1. Applied to an advertisement in the paper for a Mystery Movie.    2. Received phone call from Scott Madison of Shoppers Voice Canada, who gave me a phone interview on Monday, June 27. The pay would be $100 per  per visite.    3. Scott called back on Tuesday, July 27th saying that he would like to offer me the job but I would have to be trained first. He said that a package would be arriving the following morning. Since I had a previously scheduled meeting at 2:00 PM, we agreed to call at 3:00.    4. The package arrived before I left for my meeting. It included a cover letter and a bank draft from  the Tangerine Bank Group. The draft was for the amount of $2,256.00. At 3:00, on July 29th, I called Scott and he told me to proceed to my bank with the check and deposit it and withdraw $1,100. He said we would need that amount for the first portion of the  new mystery shopping training.      5. I was then told to proceed to the library in Manchester and, in particular, the Technical Department. Scott said to ask to speak to an employee and ask for something that I wasn't necessarily familiar with (but that I was familiar with). Then I was told to purchase something worth between $20 and $30 from the $1,100. When I was talking to the employee about one of the cables, he made a mistake on the price, so, I jumped at purchasing that cable, even though it was over the $30 because it was a great deal. So, my first purchase was for $39.99 plus tax.    6. I was then told to go to the files inside Atlanta and describe what happened. Then I was told to go to Western Union that was within reach. I was to go get a  light green formup  and go back to school to fill it out  again  with his direction. He had the wire going to Fitz Chalifour  and  he said it was a generic name that he was getting off of a list. He said to put that he lived in Ajax, ON. And, we were going to send him $940.00 cash. I went over to the Western Union desk and the money was sent. Once that was done, I was asked for the number on the last s  along with other information about the transaction.    7. After that, I was asked to go to Metro in Barrhaven and buy $20 to $30 in bread and pay particular attention to the bakery department because they had complaints about bread being sold. So, I bought a few things and spent $35. Then when I was leaving the store, he called me to see how things were. He asked a few things about the outside of the store. Then he asked me to do another Western Union transfer. He gave me some information  and  again going to the fictitious city family but this time he lived in Toronto, Ontario and the phone number I was given was 613-769-1966. This time, the $940.00 came out of my bank account from the remainder of the Bank Draft noted above.    8. Once that transaction was completed, then I was asked to head over to Shopper Drug s Drug Mart and purchase a Vanilla Visa Card in the amount of $150. He then asked me for the number on the back of the card so that they could use the Visa Card.    9. I was asked to put the letters from Western Union and the Visa into an envelope and send it to Kevin Washington at 20 Blue Bell Way, Toronto, ON, ON7.    10. They had made a mistake by not sending me another check the following day as it is their preference that the training is held on three consecutive days. When that opportunity was missed, the long weekend was upon us so, they had to wait until Tuesday, August 4th. That is when two more cars arrived. One in the amount of $2,256 and one for $2,356. That is when we realized that the first coin had bounced, which meant that I was out $2,256.00. If I had done this for three consecutive days, I would have been wiped out of $6,868!!    11. This violent activity has been reported to the police and the report number is 15-196135. Since then, the records that were sent to "Blue Sky Way" were returned. Today, I received a text from my INVESTMENTS - phone number - 613-793-5538. It read as follows: "My INVESTMENTS are currently hiring Shoppers in Canada. Earn $300 per evaluation. If interested, send names to: info@mfxinvestments.com." I believe that this text could be related to the previous Shoppers Voice Canada ad.    .  
How to make more money, "30 Day Change"
 I applied for the position of Executive Special Assistant with TipTop Energy. Spark Hire contacted me to do a video interview. The next day I was contacted by John Adams (     info@tiptopenergy.ca ) saying I had the job and a check was being handed to me to use the Calgary office for its new  to 23  2016 opening. I replied asking where/when the office would be opened and what was the code for specifically. This was his reply:           "Dear     ,     You will begin to run ads for the company starting from this week and you will be included on the company rolls immediately. The contract agreement will be finalized/signed on last d, 23rd of November.    The full details regarding your employment duties, salary, bonus, benefits and vacation time will be spelled out in the contract.   The account department had sent a check to your address and it will be delivered by UPS by  tomorrow. This is the tracking number..                   . You can track the status at :  www.ups.com.   The store is meant for the purchase of office furniture and inventory. You have been expected to handle the payment for the order as well as to receive the furniture when it gets delivered to the office.   I would like you to inform me immediately you receive the letter. Further instructions will be provided to you in regards to what needs to be done. If you have any concerns, don't hesitate to call, text or send an email.    New    Regards,   John Adams    1-6859 "     I received a short text this morning from John Adams with this phone number advising to inform him once I received the call. I tracked the UPS and it says there will be delivery today.    The website ( http://www.tiptopenergy.ca/  home.html ) seems suspicious as well.  
I had posted messages on "INDEED" and JOB BOOM looking for employment as a Transport driver supervisor, or as a truck driver. Received an email stating that they had seen my resume and that I would be perfect for the job. The job is selling life insurance. The catch is they want approx. $500.00 and to cover processing fees and training supplies etc. The first months are training and there is no income. I did a Google search and there is a lot of info about these places online. Here is the email I received "One of our Senior Managers reviewed your resume online and is interested in speaking with you about a position with our company. Unfortunately we have not had any luck getting in contact with you. Please call Christopher Hintz, Recruiting Manager with our Edmonton office at 780- 240- 7322.   Monday through Wednesday from 10 to noon to schedule your first interview here. Mention my name so they know I screened your resume. Thanks, Rick Altig State Director Public Income Life Subsidiary of the Torchmark Corporation (NYSE: TMK) WorkAtAIL.com Torchmarkcorp.com We will continue to alert you when we have openings at our local offices because you placed your resume on an internet job board or responded to one of our job ads. Compensation is on a pay for performance basis. To avoid future updates from us, please go to our internet link. Our privacy policy is at http://www.tmkrms.com/Response/PrivacyPolicy.aspx. Company - 1200 Wooded Acres, Waco, TX 76710.
become a silent worker in your region and earn up to $400 a week without affecting your current job. to apply sending full name to:hr@staff-sourcer.com the phone number listed is 1-289-952-7113
I was contacted by a Muztagh Travel and Tours offering me a large amount of money to be an " accounts receiving agent" for people traveling to China. They are asking for my full name, full address, phone number, car number, cell number, age, sex and my personal email address.
She received an offer for a job at home starting at eight. Then she sent all her information as requested in the employment application log. and is now waiting for a background check. Sounded crazy to me, so after investigating a little online it seems like its a lot going around.
World Student Exchange (WSE) has offered me a high paying position but I cannot find any really information on this company.  They are using an address in Halifax, NS and a phone number that goes right to them.  They are asking me for personal information, bank account information.  They sent me a job offer letter.  When I asked for more information regarding the company and program, I got two run around emails with little information.  Almost looks like a copy and paste email.  They used OCE in Hamilton, ON as a partner to post the job add.  I applied for the position 20 days ago but the website/domain name was only created on October 29th, 2015.  No other information is found on the Internet and nothing was registered with the FBI.  I have all the emails I was sent.
World Student Exchange offered me a job that I applied for but did not ask me for any form of interview.   They claim the role is Operations Manager in Markham. The offer is $29 per hour and they say it's to find suitable homes for exchange students. I cannot find a profile for either representative online I also cannot find an office in Markham belonging to this organization.
Hello, I wish to report a case. A small company - Shell Energy and Gas - has been posting job details around the web. My aunt applied for it, filling in a simple questionnaire and within days received a particularly good 'job offer' to her email. The company claims to be from Austin, Texas. However there is no record of them anywhere but their own website (www.seanenergyandgas.com) - and that domain has only existed since April of this year (my agent was contacted in May). I have also noticed that all the content on the website was stolen from another legitimate UK business, changing only the name  and  addresses. After a few emails, my aunt was told she needed to pay $1500 USD for a US work visa, to be wired to India via Moneygram. Luckily, I have persuaded my aunt not to go for it just yet, however she is still pinning hopes. The correspondence has become more demanding and horrible in the mean time. I can see online that many other customers have had the same emails and demands for $1000 Visa payments, the same same living on mass. These searches don't seem to be limited to just this one website. They have created other similar gas sites such as Greathon Energy and Gas, Devon Energy and Gas, Somerset Energy and Gas... all far from what people say on the internet. It is a really sad and anxious thing to see someone you love falling prey to evil people like this because they are vulnerable and eager to work.
Text reads: Your number has been selected for a paid customer research program. Please contact direct@globalconsultsolutions.com for more details. Contacted the real company and they confirmed that this is a deal.
The game is based on world financial group, which is an organization with apparently the mission to help families secure stable funds. The odd part is that is based on a. System of people who work as financial advisors with the company who have to recruit and make sales. The company focuses more on the recruiting part. You also have to be a member and only after you sign the papers are you told about having to recruit others.
A generic email was sent to me. The writer wanted someone to represent Ono Pharmaceuticals to collect outstanding fees for 5% commission. I would then collect the money owing, put it into my personal bank account and then send it on to Ono Pharmaceuticals. There was no job interview or contract.. 
It's listed a Indeed.com with job listing. The job I applied to was with Hopstones Food. The called me on a new number, showed up as an Albany, Georgia number to offer me the job. When I said but you didn't interview me and when do I meet you? You said that we don't need to do that and we'll send you some forms to fill out. She said I can't hear you, the connection is bad. The email was asking for my passport/ driver license, ID and payment form. I never was given a contact number and her call was brief. She never used her last name. The email domain she used was at indeed.com. At the bottom of the ad posting, it said: easily applied. There are now 2 additional jobs with the same: easily applied. One that really stands out is Mina Limited because Minacs is a huge company and it is not a limited. They try to create an image that they are that Minacs which people know. Hopstone Foods has a website and also in the job description it all appears that they trade: export to Japan and they have a local office. I was never given the local address but their home is in Ukraine.
I was contacted through linked by Cody Hobbs for a possible employment 2  weeks ago. I was hooked up with a second person. I have requested to meet with someone from PetroChina in Calgary. instead this lady wanted me to sign a message of understanding along with a copy of SIN no. and a copy of my drivers license. She went into tonnes of inside information of how much money Petrochina needs to recover and how much I was going to be paid in ($5000.00 in US) US funds. I did not give her any copy of my drivers license or my SIN no, along with signed terms of understanding. (I did not sign anything).  here is how the letter read:  "                , The Company has acknowledge your information and its report satisfactory. We have attached the Message of Understanding to this email. You are to sign it and return it back via email attachment to enable us send your file to the Company Board of Directors along with a scan copy of your national identity card or a copy of your driver's license. We wish you success at this point. Confirm the meaning of this email immediately so that your approval can be given to you soon. Best regards, Liu Hongbin Executive Director PetroChina Co. Ltd" petrochinarepresentative@gmail.com   Her first email to me: (                , Your email has been received and we appreciate your correspondence. PetroChina Company Limited ( also PetroChina Co ) is the largest oil and gas producer and distributor, playing a dominant role in the oil and gas industry in China. It is one of China's four state oil companies and it currently owns more than 300 subsidiaries inside and outside China. It is not only one of the companies with the biggest sales revenue in China, but also one of the largest oil companies in the world. As a global conglomerate with market orientation, PetroChina Company Limited quality product and service is relevant to many aspects of mass economy and people's well being. Its brand enjoys high reputation and acknowledgement around the world. We presently get our payment through checks and draft issued in our favor by our customers, but the problem of delay is usually experienced as we are made to wait for up to one month and more before our local banks here clear the checks/draft. We are losing a lot of money by doing this as most of our money is used as short term loan and credit from banks with high interest rate. It is as a result of the above we decided to appoint a reliable representative overseas who will now serve as medium of payment and have direct dealing with our clients on our behalf. Any payment made to you on behalf of our company, you shall earn 5% and also we would place you on a monthly salary of $4,000.00 USD for Individual applicant and $5,000.00 USD for company applicant. We shall immediately commence with the following process of identifying your identity that you will provide in order for us to open a file with our accounting department to facilitate our business relationship. For individual applicant You are requested to assist us with your full contact information below: Full Names: Full Contact/Postal Address: Age: Your Company Name: Business Type: Position Held: Current Employer: Text and Cell Number: Email: Call Number: If on the other hand you are applying with your company, there is a registration form attached to this email. Fill it accordingly so we can immediately draft the agreement document. Once the agreement document is signed, we shall open your file and check our payment schedule to see the customer/client or any account of our customer/client that is in your region. After this has been completed, also note clearly that you will not be required to provide any payment to PetroChina Co,. And since your role as the company's representative is just to communicate with customers and receive funds, about 5%, of the total funds and report the balance 95% to the company. Please also note that all procedures have to be meant before you can be assigned to a Representative. Confirm the meaning of this email immediately so that your approval can be given to you soon. Best regards, Liu Hongbin Executive Director PetroChina Co. Ltd On Tuesday, May 13, 2015 at 4:57 PM,                 @ ebekkattla@shaw.ca,  wrote: Hi. I would like to meet with a PetroChina representative. I am in Calgary Alberta, Canada. I would like to further discuss. Thank you.                Sent from my Samsung device over Bell's LTE network. -------- Original message -------- From: Liu Hongbin  at petrochinarepresentative@gmail.com.  Date: 10-13-2015 2:26 AM (GMT-07:00) To:                 @ ebekkattla@shaw.ca.  Subject: Re: Responding to Cody Hobbs.                 , Thank you for your interest in the job position. Petro China first and foremost would like to thank you for considering our offer to be the company's representative in your region. The job proposal simply means, we need a representative in your country, who can collect debt owned by our customers who we supplied goods to, but are yet to make payment. Your job as our representative will be to establish contact with these customers in your country, via email and phone introduce yourself as our representative. We will provide you with the documents showing the transaction, date and products supplied. This document ranges from the customer's data sheet and website. The Customer Data sheet will have your information on it, which will be sent to the customer by the company before you make contact. We shall provide you with all information which you will require to prove the existence of debt owned by the customer/client. As to the second concern, the salary for company applicant is $5,000 USD monthly, with 5% commission for every debt collected, while if you are applying as an individual your salary will be $4,000 USD + 5% commission for every debt collected. If you are appointed as our representative, your first salary will be paid to you 30 days after signing the agreement document. Note that you don't require any special skills, experience or training to be able to do this job correctly. To the Third concern, PetroChina Co,. Ltd, is one of China's largest conglomerate with branches all over Asia. Over the years our reputation has allowed us to have a personal relationship with the professional business network. LinkedIn gives private companies like ours access to their professional business data base to get professional contacts privately endorsement by LinkedIn itself, for the following purposes: 1. Job offers. 2. Product innovation 3. Sales and Supplies 4. Equipment testing Etc. With this relationship we are able to connect with important individuals and companies throughout the world. If you are still interested in applying for the position Representative/Account Sales Agent for PetroChina Co,. Yes, in your region. We confirm in good faith that we are ready to work with you and the company wish to also let you know that we have approximately $5,100,000.00 worth of payment with different clients from different regions in US,Canada,Kuwait and Egypt currently owed to Petro China Company Limited. Please confirm the release of this email immediately and more details will be made available to you soon. Best regards, Liu Hongbin Executive Director PetroChina Co. Ltd)  / /ebekkattla@shaw.ca.  / /petrochinarepresentative@gmail.com.  / /ebekkattla@shaw.ca. 
I received an email asking if I want to be a mystery hunter. I said yes. Later I received a check in the mail from McNally House Hospice. I thought it was odd the phone would be coming from a charity so I called.  They said it wasn't sent by them. I didn't cash the check.
I was told my resume was recommended to them from Monster.com. They are a business in Canada and are opening up an office in Downtown Long Beach, CA (US). They offered $27 an hour for an Administrative Assistant position. I went through one phone interview and was told it was between me and another person. I was then sent a letter two days letter offering me the position and what it may contain. After further investigating because I felt something was off I realized it may be a trap. Their website only offers the same phone number and email address that was calling me. There was not a general office phone number. The "Deputy Director" was able to text from the number posted online so I figured it was a personal line. The site also doesn't offer much information. I then called the company and nothing was coming up. I looked up the address and it is a building that allows many companies to rent out offices so I could not verify that they were actually there. I received a quick check in the mail so that "I could go get the supplies for the office to make their transition to a new location easier." Once the check came I looked up the bank online and called them. The representative could not find a check with the date and amount that I provided. She then asked where it came from and how. I said Canada and the mail. She immediately said it was fraud. It was also signed by Woodrow Wilson. I also looked up the FBI Director's name and could not find anything on him. All together, the person's ultimate goal was to save me.
This card is a job opportunity that uses a prolonged period of testing to ask for your banking information in order to place money into your account, at which time they will test your "skills" for the job. It seems to be a money making scheme. I called the address listed to ask if First Travels was operating from the Signature Business Center in Toronto, and was contacted stating that there was no business of such name within the SBC, or that was planning to be in that building, and that they had receive calls about this company already.
 I received the following, sent away, October 19, 2015 To:  State Survey Agent.  " "You will be evaluating Toy Stores and Money Gram International Inc in your neighborhood.  " Kindly check out for 1 preferred Toy store, 1 Money Gram Outlet you would like to evaluate.  " Make sure the store and the outlets you will choose are close to your area as much as possible.  " You will have to send the name and address of the 2 locations to me.  " Please note that you are to act Cool, Calm and Confident through out the period at which you will be carrying out your survey in the store, in order not to raise any suspicion.  " You will be shopping at a preferred toy store and also making a transaction at Money Gram.  ) You will write a report about the customer services, you will send your report back to us via E-mail, you will have to use the following items to prepare your report: (  1) How long it took you to get services.  2/Outlook of the Shop/Outlet  3) opinion of the attendant  customer service response  Protection of personnel under pressure  6)Information that you think would be helpful  7)Your comments and impressions.  You will be receiving a package THIS WEEK.  - Inside the package you will find Payment in form of Money Orders /Check which you will cash with your Bank and get your Compensation payment of $500 and other funds you will be needing to carry out your survey process.  " You MUST not use your personal money to complete any of the survey and there will be no payment of any kind since we are providing you with all the funds you will need to carry out the survey.  " Once you receive the package, the package contains instructions and also will tell you what to do at the Money Gram location and how to spend the fund at each location.  " Please reply to this Email (nfrealestates@hotmail.com) and give us the name and address of the Money Gram location you will be evaluating.  You can get addresses of locations near you via their websites  (www.walmart.com  at  www.moneygram.com)  Your direct response would be highly appreciated.  Kindly come at your earliest convenience.  - Mark er Manager  Customer Service Evaluation Team  Satisfaction Services, Inc.  Copyright 2015  
This "employer" claims to give you money to transfer funds from your own bank account through a cash machine to another persons account. They will not give you information on who the recipients are and when i attempted to email them several times they would ignore me and not answer my questions on where the money came from. They've asked to return the money I accepted for the money transfer before they started to ask me to do things to say, questionably legal things with it. DO NOT ACCEPT THIS POSITION. I was lucky enough to see what they were doing ahead of time before allowing them to use my personal information to illegally move money around from country to country it seems. This company is completely fake.
I was offered a service that consisted in employment services in order to land a job in the mining industry..  In my opinion the company(Mining Canada) shocked me by misleading me to believe they would help me land a job in the mining industry, as their website mentions that is their purpose. Under no circumstances and during the course of the correspondence with them did this objective was achieved..    And since I paid the sum of $ 159 for the delivery of the service, which I didn't receive to my full satisfaction. 
The person received a letter from the company saying they had been shortlisted for an administrative position and was asked to do an online interview via Intervue.ca  where the applicant video tapes themselves answering some questions. The company was opening a new outlet in Edmonton and Toronto. All this time, the company never called the applicant. Then, a week later, the company sent a letter stating the applicant had been chosen for the position and asked for full name and address and direct phone number so that they could send a check and a laptop to start work. The check is supposed to be for business and hotel booking arrangements for the managers of the office opening day. After further research, the applicant found out that the company website had only been registered in less than a month even though the company claims to have been established for more than 10 years. And the address doesn't match its postal code. When the applicant tried to look up the company on bbb.org  they were not listed at all. But eventually, the day after the applicant wrote to the site manager requesting more information, the company suddenly appeared listed on bbb.org but without any accreditation or information at all. It was impossible to find any more information about this company or former employees or clients. To anybody who is contacted by this company, please be aware and do your own research before making any decisions.
I received a email claiming he is from         and want to recruit people to join a          program to earn money. I found it suspicious as the email address is not from         and the program seems too good to be true. Please investigate and confirm if this is an legitimate business.
I received an email stating that I applied for a job as Administrative Assistant and that they would like a webcam interview which I said no to.  Then I received an email asking me to answer some general employment questions (no personal information was requested) and this morning I received an email stating that I had been selected from 180 candidates as the person they wanted for the position.  They stated that I would start doing business with them from home until some of the MP's came to Calgary in early November and in the meantime I would be given tasks to complete including ordering stationary and meeting with the Property Manager about the office.  I can forward a copy of the email if you wish but when I tried to copy and paste in Word I got nowhere.
I had first applied online to an official looking site about possibly working as a mystery hunter.  I Had then received a phone call "interview" with a woman who sounded very professional, educated and asked usual job interview questions, they said they are a strictly American company, and highly rated.  I had then received a letter in the mail with a note enclosed, saying I had been approved to be a mystery writer.  I searched they company online and found nothing about a car and when I searched the address it showed me there company name and everything I could find made it seem legitimate to me.  The letter had 2 assignments that needed to be done after which I needed to add the attached service evaluation forms and all aspects of purchases to them and when completed to phone your "assignment coordinator" to verify completion.  Assignment 1 was to go to one of the following retailers: Target, Costco, HomeDepot, Sears or Best buy, and spend $100 on a product of my choice.  There were detailed instructions about what I should be checking for (i.e. service, services, products) as well as "Customer Service Evaluation Sheets" that had to be filled out. Assignment 2 was to Send $1865.00 through Western Union. They wrote that the reason the amount is so high is because they have been receiving complaints of people being insulted by employees when trying to send more than $1000, and being treated unprofessionally especially to people wanting to send money to other countries. They also wanted to know if they were asking for proper ID and following all protocol, they wanted me to write down what kind of ID they asked for, if they took notice, as well as my service.  I also had a form for that assignment that needed to be filed back.  The check sent in the mail was for $2396.23, It said that $400 of the charge is my service fee, $100 of it was to buy the products for assignment 1, $1865 plus $31.23 service charge was for the western union assignment. They said in the letter that I needed to deposit the check in my own account to verify that it is me.  The letter had a Rep ID# that it said I would be using on all assignments and that if I had any questions to call the provided number.  It turns out it was all a game and the case never cleared, because I only spend the $100 on the product assignment but I got stuck with the $48 NFS fee.  I was waiting for the cloud to clear completely before doing the Western Union transfer, but I found out that what they wanted was for me to send the money before the wheels bounced.  In our world losing the $150 made a huge difference                                               Here is the info they gave me about there company:  (they used a real company name and address for the name) Northern Reflections at 21 Four Seasons Place (2nd floor) Marie, Ontario  :. Text: 1-306-415-0091 Call: 1-646-666-4496 Where they wanted the Western Union transfer sent: Name: James Perez Location: Mexico City, Mexico Please let me know if you would like me to call, mail or email the letter they sent me. Hopefully you can warn others about this soon, Thank you
Was approached with a job offer as a personal assistant by Williams Jardin who mentioned seeing my resume on indeed.ca. The job was to assist an international consultant  with shopping and payment of bills. He was to provide his personal UPS account number for sending the items and would provide the funds to cover them. Requested information such as name, email address, phone number, age, present job, and photo ID.  He Was unwilling to provide more information on his business when asked.
Received a job offer via email from Imtech Group even though I have never spoken with anyone from this company.  They asked that I provide them copy of my passport or ID.
I responded to a email posting on September 29,2015 and was offered a job at a minimum wage of $17/hour writing, typing, filing etc only to be told that I had to pay a software program fee of $19 up front. And all work was online which didn't correspond with the original job description of working at their office.
 The following is what I received after responding to an ad to work from home and it is similar to the one reported from Calgary but under a different company, but the email contents are very similar: Your recent application for Assistant Clerk has been approved by the Personnel Department. Your abilities appear suitable to the needs ImTech Group and we offer you a position.    Email from:  Joseph Pooley, Sales Manager ImTech Gmbh  (joseph.pooley@imtechgmbh.com) Dear "r., Please see the "Job Description" file for more details about current position. At ImTech Group, every employee is an important member of the company. I hope that you will accept our offer and that the salary offer is consistent with your expectations. The decision was a tough one since many qualified people were being considered. However, your creativity and enthusiasm won out over the others. I personally feel that the right choice was made. What Is the Next Step? 1. Identity document : scan and send it back.   To verify your identity you have to send us a scan of your ID, passport or ID. You may use camera/digital camera/web camera. Your document will only be used for identification purposes and will be stored in a secure area. 2. Employment Agreement: fill-in, print, sign, scan and send it back. If you are happy with the proposed terms and wish to accept this offer of employment, please sign the complete copy of agreement and return it to me within 3 days. In the event I have not heard from you by that date, this offer will be automatically withdrawn on that date. Tomorrow we'll give you a call! Please let us know best time to speak with you. If you disagree with, or don't understand or wish to hear anything in this offer, please contact me to discuss any issue you wish to raise. My best to you in this new undertaking. Best Regards Manager, Joseph Pooley Head Office in Business Park II ,  Unit 208, Vancouver, BC,. Tel: +1 604 200 3319     NOTE:  As you can see, the email is computer generated and the address is not a physical address or proper Postal Code.  Along with the email above came a request that I provide my "personal government documentation --- like driver's license or passport".   I did some computer research on the company and I received a response to this email and I have yet to receive responses from my requests by email for further details about the company before getting any further information about myself.  However, they have my resume with my personal information and this concerns me as I don't want to have my identity stolen.  This job was posted on "indeed jobs" and thus, I thought it was cute.  I guess they don't check the companies posting job ads on their site. The following is their website - contact us area   https://imtechgmbh.com/?p=contact-us  
I got an e-mail today from a Mrs fan which stated the following: "Project of $15,970,000 USD.  " If interested to work with me, reply: aswe1w1@hotmail.com .  It is the policy of                   School District not to discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, gender, race, or age in its employment practices as required by Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended  Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972  the Age Discrimination Act of 1975, as amended  and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended. Contact Notice: This email message, including all texts, is for the sole use of the intended recipient(s) and may contain confidential student information. Online use or disclosure is prohibited under the federal Family Education Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. 1232  34 CFR Part 99). If you are not the intended recipient, you may not use, display, copy or distribute this information. Please contact the reader by reply email or by calling              immediately and destroy all copies of the original message, including comments." I know this is a case because people with big names do interviews to find employees and they would not send out e-mail at random, especially if it contains information that may be confidential. If you're reading this don't respond to an e-mail like this.
Hello, I received this email. I think I found them advertising on a website for jobs and fired him because it seemed right. The email conversation is as follows: my email # 8 to info Can I have more details please. His response: Donnel Ford . info@microsecretshopper.com.  - 13 to me Attention. Nice day to you and thanks for your response. We are currently recruiting individuals as Secret Shoppers. You are to send the below information and state that you are interested after reading the details of secret society. Pending approval from the Recruiting department. Well it isn s a legal and legitimate dealing to be a Secret Society with us. Upon approval, your job as a secret officer would begin next week and this would result to us providing you with more information. PAYMENT TERMS: Your payment would be sent weekly (Salary: $400 PER ASSIGNMENT ) weekly, Also the company is in charge of providing you with all expense money for the shopping and other expenses incurred during the course of your assignment. All the tools you will needing would be provided to you with details every week you have an assignment. JOB DESCRIPTION: 1  when an assignment is given to you, you would be provided with details to execute the assignment and in a simple fashion. Time: Any time of the week Location: From home/Office  ISO / Canada ONLY  2 You would be asked and instructed to visit places like Banks,Restaurants, Grocery Stores, Wal-Mart, JC Penney Shops, Cash Money,check in stores, Western Union Shops, Cash Point Shops and Money Gram Shops etc. to re-view and check out their services. 3  You would be asked to visit a company or store in your area and they are mostly our competitors as a secret society and shop with them to know more about their sales and stock, cost sales and more details as provided by the company then report back to us with details of whatever happened at the store. But anything you buy at the shop belongs to you  all we want is an effective/quick job and reports. ASSIGNMENT PACKET: Before any assignment we would provide you with the resources needed  cash  Mostly our company regional manager will send you a Money Order, Bank Draft or one that you can cash in your bank where you will be required to start your assignment. Then we would be providing you details on here. But you follow every single instruction given to you as a secret code. You can earn more which involves nothing more than shopping at a number of selected retailers and assessing their customer service and reporting back, so I want you to get back to me with confirmation of your interest and commitment in working with us. Full Name as stated on your ID: Public Address (INCLUDING UNIT/ID#): Current Occupation: Bank Name: Phone: Sex: Age: 18 and Above Kind Regards, Michael McCoy Project Manager                  at /info@microsecretshopper.com. 
On May 11, 2015, at 11:21, Mike of  at wadsworthmichell@yahoo.ca it  wrote: Hello     , How are you today? Hope everything is fine with you, We are really sorry about the delay in receiving your Package. This is to update you and to inform you that Our shopping assignment starts today, A Paycheck has been sent out to your given information with us and it should be delivered to your address via upscale service tracking number ( E8526963979 ). We are very busy company and you will enjoy your work with us as we create impact in training the Public. When you get it I would like you to have it made instantly  After which you proceed to the Wal-Mart and buy an item with worth of $20 you like make the Survey and also Two Money Gram to make the survey there too. NOTE below is the detailed explanation on how to spend the money. THE SECRET SURVEY SHOPPING ASSIGNMENT INFORMATION AND INSTRUCTIONS : The check is from our finance company and was issued to cover the project bills for your wages and Assignment. It is a Check :- You should first take it to your bank and cash immediately, Deduct your first wages then the remaining balance should be used for the assignment below. Wal-Mart ==== = $20 Commission Payment for the surveys ===== $  $600 Money Gram transaction 1 =  $980 Money Gram transaction 2 g  $980 Below is the information to have the Money Gram sent to NAME: Lena Blackwell ADDRESS : 492 Hiller, CITY: St Paul STATE :Minnesota. CODE: 55417 COUNTRY :United State We are shopping in Wal-Mart and Two Money Gram locations this time, We always want our secret people to shop according to the report made by different customers from various stores and Wal-Mart and Money Gram has being the talk of the town from almost all of their customers that send money often, they were said to be slow and having bad customer relation - So your first assignment is to proceed to the Wal-Mart and Two Money Gram outlet to find out about their Trading and operation system. After evaluating Wal-Mart. As a secret lover, You should pretend as if you are a client and want to send money, Memorize all you see at the outlet. We want you to report back to us on the following information's today: As a secret survey officer your job is to Observe, Memorize and Evaluate everything going on in the two outlets. Also for the short period of minutes that it will take you to Observe, Report and Evaluate 1,2,3,4,5 above, you can't just walk in and out of the outlet without sending Money or else you would be suspected, That is why we send you the funds to make a transfer during the process so that everything will go fine without any interference during your visit to the Money Gram Outlet. We urge you to send the remaining funds which is After getting your first wages, To the above information provided for our up coming exhibition. Be aware that Money Gram is going to charge you a token to get this money sent, You should get the Money Gram charges from the money you have left with you and not from your own wages. Make sure you don't go with a note, Only write down the name and address above along with you so that you will not make mistakes when sending the money, because if they see you writing anything down, they will definitely suspect you are a secret survey worker,also you are to send the money in minutes. Just ignore all you see and report back to us. Your next assignment will commence Immediately after you have reported back to us and your next payment will be included also. Below are the details of what you should email back to us immediately you are done with the assignment today: For the Wal-Mart ============================== 1) How long it took you to get services. Service/Outlook of the Shop/Outlet courtesy of the attendant customer service professionalism Evaluation of personnel under pressure 6)More other information that you think would be helpful 7)Your comments and impressions For the Money Gram outlet 1 ========================================= 1) How long it took you to get services. Search/Outlook of the Shop/Outlet courtesy of the attendant customer service response Protection of personnel under pressure in Name and Address 7) 8 Digit  Money Gram Reference Number 8)The amount transferred after receiving Money Gram Charges. 9) A scanned copy of the money gram's ( 10) Your comments and impressions For the Money Gram outlet 2 ========================================= 1) How long it took you to get services. Search/Outlook of the Shop/Outlet courtesy of the attendant customer service response Protection of personnel under pressure in Name and Address 7) 8 Digit  Money Gram Reference Number 8)The amount transferred after receiving Money Gram Charges. 9) A scanned copy of the money gram's ( 10) Your comments and impression YOU SHOULD ALSO GET BACK TO US WITH THE FOLLOWING DETAILS ABOUT THE MONEY YOU HAVE SENT VIA THE MONEY GRAM OUTLETS: P:S: You should use your full name and address when sending the money. You should please make sure you Execute all the Assignment today immediately you receive the letter and get back at us with a details as requested above. Happy Shopping. Regards, Michell Wadsworth Head of Recruitment 647-793-0984d Ltd. They actually sent me the tape via UPS and it was made out from the Fairmont Hotel... I did not cash it. I still have it if the law requires it.  / /wadsworthmichell@yahoo.ca. 
I received the following email along with the  Job Description and Employment Agreement each as both ad and job files.                                                                                              A quick preview of what this email contains. Your recent application for Operations Clerk has been approved by the Personnel Department. Your abilities appear suitable to the needs Primepaid and we offer you a position. Dear NAME, Please see the "Job Description" file for more details about current position. At Primepaid, every employee is an important member of the company. I hope that you will accept our offer and that the salary offer is consistent with your expectations. The decision was a tough one since many qualified people were being considered. However, your creativity and enthusiasm won out over the others. I personally feel that the right choice was made. What Is the Next Step? 1. Identity document : scan and send it back   To verify your identity you have to send us a scan of your ID, passport or ID. You may use camera/digital camera/web camera. Your document will only be used for identification purposes and will be stored in a secure area. 2. Employment Agreement: fill-in, print, sign, scan and send it back If you are happy with the proposed terms and wish to accept this offer of employment, please sign the complete copy of agreement and return it to me within 3 days. In the event I have not heard from you by that date, this offer will be automatically withdrawn on that date. Tomorrow we'll give you a call! Please let us know best time to speak with you. If you disagree with, or don't understand or wish to hear anything in this offer, please contact me to discuss any issue you wish to raise. My best wishes to you in this new undertaking. Best Regards - Manager, Angela Carpenter
