I received an email from this company asking if I was interested in working for them. They accepted me.  It was a car wrap business.  They sent check for $1997.00.  I deposited it.  They were give back to them earnest money, $1597.00 in case the wrap got damaged.  They asked me to do it through you.  I asked if I could send a check but I ended up doing it through CashApp.   They scheduled me for the vehicle wrap and they were a no show.  When I contacted them, there was no answer.  The bank said I couldn't get the money back.
This was after I applied to a certified position on LinkedIn with him. I was just contacted by a claimed "stranger" and told to download wire secure mobile app. I have been met with the same email before for a different company
Saw ad on Facebook about making money doing customer surveys, I answered and was told they'd soon let me know if I qualified and I gave my name address and cell - number. A few days later I got a text telling me I qualified and will receive my first assignment shortly. On 4/12/21 I received a flat rate envelope via USPS, it had no return address. Enclosed was a check made out to me for $2450 and a sheet of typing paper entitled, "CUSTOMER SERVICE EVALUATION ASSIGNMENT, the letter than instructed me to deposit the check in my bank, then go to any store of my choice and purchase $2,000 worth of NIKE Gift cards in denominations of $100, 200  and  500 for a total of $2,000 and the balance of the $2450 is mine for'survey service commission payment of $400 and $50 as a running expense'. I am to make these purchases within 12-24 hours and if I do I will earn an extra $150. States the survey is to 'improve customer service on a Global level'. The letter also instructed me to say NO if I am asked by the Cashier/Attendant if I am evaluating their services because it will cover the whole purpose of the program. Then it forces me to scratch off the NIKE cards I purchased and send them screen shots of each one, front and back and directs me to keep the cards of purchased for 'forthcoming assignments'. Ok....so, being a retired analyst immediate red flags went up. So, I looked up the Company listed on the check because the letter only offered an email address, a phone number I am to TEXT ONLY to that I signed the check and my assignment and typed on the far bottom right of the letter ended with, Regards, Nathan William's. The Companys name listed on the check was Westchester Country Club, the address was weird as it gave the address number as 12250 but the street was all in lower case letters like: the club drive, and the city, state and d were Boynton Beach Florida 33437.... So I did some investigating on my own and found a Westchester County "Golf" Club, the checks address did not include the word 'golf in it. So I got the phone number to said golf club and called them as they were closed and asked if they were in any way apart of this survey business, no answer yet. I then called the number given in the letter telling me to TEXT ONLY...and low a second it didn't even ring...or lead me to a call, it was just the sound of being disconnected. I then ran the USPS Tracking number ( 9405 5112 0088 1886 7592 67)  on the First Rate Envelope this check and letter were sent with and found it was sent from Bangor Maine, not Boyton Beach Florida! The check I received from this survey company supposedly is a Wells Fargo check and I have the check information if needed. End result was I listened to my gut that this may be a trap and I did not deposit this check nor am I going to answer the text I received on my phone this morning asking me to press yes or no as to whether I signed it. Can you please look into this and let me know if my mother was right? This type of fraud just hits me because innocent people who desperately need work will be devastated if they end up dead. Thank you.
There is s literally three different names they're using for their company. The preliminary interview, which is a roll call, discusses you working for me. The first in-person interview then talks about multiple profit and non profit companies they work with, At and t being their biggest one apparently. The second interview is much longer and gives a task and compensation breakdown. During this time not once did he mention that they actually wanted me to sell At't door to door. It was only open-ended questions on their part and a very vague description of each position and estimate of weekly pay that the said position receives. Never saying that the weekly pay was solely commission based. After that I did another  video interview,  which was basically me waiting in the office  until the guy came back in and said I got the job. I didn't find out what the actual job was until my first official day when I was signing paperwork and reading the electronic agreements handed to me by the front desk lady that I saw what the job really was.
They got my social security card picture, picture of drivers license and picture of me holding license in front of me with my face included, picture of last one from 2018. They are sending in advance a check, i just got this tracking number, I'm to deposit, wait for it to clear and I'm to take my pay out of it and use the other money to pay bonds, bills and otherrs. The job is to pick up mail and calls from PO or DC, and do what instructed to. I applied for personal assistant job through Krecklo Associates, which advertised the job on Facebook Marketplace under employment, the original contact name was Susan Christensen, shes on tour, says she lives in Anaheim, CA, then was handed over to World Vision, a Inc, her name is Gayle Hawkins, all contact from then til now is on the Signal App. Which is all private space. I just noticed also on that App, today Gale Hawkins took off the company name of "World Vision"... now this is getting real scary for me, i gave all my personal info. to these people and I'm wondering what to do now, I TRULY THINK I WAS JUST ME, AM I TO GO AHEAD WITH MY INSTRUCTIONS ONCE I GET THIS CHECK,, SOMEONE ADVISE ME, IM LOST AND JUST LOCKED MY CREDIT INFO WITH IT AND HAVE IT OUT TO ALL CREDITORS.
I applied for a job on indeed. I received a text from Brittany stating I was wanted for an interview and to download the app Telegram and add Leo Grady to my contacts. Then I was told to send him a message on Telegram stating that I was calling him regarding an interview. After several questions he stated that I had the job and was sending me a check to then buy merchandise to use for the job. He sent me a long list of things to purchase from "the" vendor. I was handed a check overnight for $4900 and when I received it, he told me rather than deposit it, take it to ATM and put the money in so that I could use it right away to purchase the items from the vendor. The check was from a company called Atherton Road Sales and Service Inc out of Houghton MI with the bank name Huntington Bank. The first envelope was from a company called AAM Casting at 6332 W State St, W, from Johnny Portal. Since Zeel indicates on their website they are in New Jersey, I asked "he" why he was in one place and the check was from another company and the money from another, he simply stated that the check was issued from the check was issued from the company payment card. I told him that I could NOT simply put the check in through the ATM as I didn't want to do anything stupid. So, I deposited it and they placed a hold on it waiting for funds. He still asked me to check in with him daily to state if the money were in my account yet. This morning, my account indicated it was a routine check. I texted him stating this and his answer was "It can be". All three companies indicated have their own website so I'm not sure if they've made all of them up or if these are just companies that they are using their info. I did not see any info online regarding this case and thought it best to report this immediately. I have a copy of the check and the red envelope if you need to contact me for more information. This did of course sound like a plan from the beginning but I played along just in case. I hate for others to believe it though and lose money.
A woman (Marry Johnson) claiming to be the Sales Manager of London contacted me via text message about employment. She then referred me to contact another person (Bryan Wenzel) via Twitter who claimed he is the online hiring manager for the same company. I chose that app specifically when she gave me several choices because I suspected it was a trap and I also know legitimate companies don't operate via email. Bryan Wenzel said they are trying to establish the company in the U.S. and are hiring work from home candidates to further that goal. The company already has offices in Palo Alto. He said he would send a digital check to me for the purchase of necessary equipment. I expressed concern about the use of a check and it not clearing. He said it would clear because it's drawn on a legitimate business so I had nothing to worry about.. The conversation was terminated by him when I said I don't use a bank app. He specifically stated the check would be in digital format, sent to my email and he wanted it added to my bank via mobile deposit.
I posted my resume online for work at home jobs. Found a job as a construction sphere for Extraymasl. Andrea Rivas is the new owner. She said she has 40 clients. I filled out a job application. I did a blink. The job was to collect data, publish ads on line, escorting customers' payment and making sure their transactions are safely received, and make various assignments. My commission is $3000 a month. Task one was real estate in Marion, Ohio, and I submitted it. On Saturday I received what I thought was my commission check. But she said it was for her client who is in Seville, Spain. The check came in priority mail from the post office, return address in Los Angeles, CA. The man didn't have instructions,  I rec'd the check $1984.09, commission and salary are here and I would get a bonus. she replied yesterday that w/in 48 hours if I donot send the deposit to my check, w/explicit instructions on receiving the check. She said I would be paid twice a month, and I was to pay my own taxes. In one of the emails she said to show my loyalty to them I was to respond with payment with 24 hours. She was so eager for me to send a deposit slip. She said the money would be returned and go back to the client's account. I told her I thought this was my place. I took the check to H and R Block, they said it was good. " I took it 2 different places because I don't have a bank account. I have it at FoodMart in Marion, OH. I have two sets of twins, I really needed the money and a way to work from home. I didn't know the check wasn't any good. The emails have become more robotic, and now when I ask them what I'm supposed to do, they don't answer.

received a new Job Offer from 786-386-5185 from person claiming to be Janelle Beyerlein from Veloxis Pharmaceuticals claiming to have received my email on Career Builder Told me to sign up on Telegram or what's up app for interview with a Steven Beckett at Steven Beckett@gmail.com Emailed : At people who told me it is a shame Companies this big have domain names and email addresses not email accounts!!!!
A person named Ashley Coreas  contacted me about a new design position and asked me to add Daniel Bay  on Telegram. Asked 13 questions all at once and asked me to answer them in Telegram through text. After 20 minutes of getting my answers they told me I was hired and asked me to sign a poorly constructed contract with numerous firms. I asked to meet through them and they declined. Upon seeing a previous case report on BBB I am now sure this was a trap.

Got several incoming emails from a company offering me a job, WITH NO INTERVIEW, in a field where I don't have experience.  Pay was good.  Links to website and a state business model were included and the company is, in fact, incorporated.  The print form was sent in Word format!!!  The other documents had strange and/or incorrect grammar.  The company address seems fake -- it's a shopping center but no suite is given even though that's how it should be.
I was contacted by the "PR" department of the company, ESC Technology in regard to a resume that I had posted on CareerBuilder. The opening was for a project manager and their claim was that their company dealt in the design of heavy machinery for international projects. This is similar to the work that I do now so I was initially not suspicious. The first email from me came from an official email address matching the company name and had relevant contact information. The company's website was functional and professional but not particularly sharp. The new email requested a time to set up a phone call, which I provided. The phone call interview was short but contained relevant questions and seemed reasonably professional. This was followed by contact from a person claiming to be the Regional Special Projects Manager, Christopher Tuley, working out of Boston, MA. From there I was offered an employment contract that stated that after a one-month continuous period of training I would be offered a full-time, remote position. I read the contract and submitted my signature but no other personal information to begin what I thought was the training period. The training period would consist of 10 learning modules spread out over the one-month period with gradual increase in intensity. The first week went normally with me getting five different sets of answers related to the five learning modules that I was assigned. Each day, after turning in the previously assigned module, Christopher would then assign me the next session while also engaging in idle, profession, chatting. The modules would consist of four-to-five pages of information related to different topics that were stated to be relevant to the proposed position. In this case, mostly related to international trade and basic supply chain management. There would be a set of ten questions to be answered after the case was reviewed. The material was generally well-written and professional with some minor issues that would typically denote that the content had been translated from another language but seldom were any of the problems outside what would usually seem strange. During the second week of training during one of the days after I had turned in the previous day's module Christopher approached the subject of a special project that I could undertake for the company while still during training. He stated that they were leading a team of senior company members to a nearby city and needed assistance purchasing and installing office equipment, computers, and other accessories. Due to the company being located outside of the country and not having set up US-based purchasing cards yet, in order to assist with the project I would need to use my credit card and they would wire me the needed funds. I was immediately skeptical of this proposed project and I stated that I would not be able to  participate under the guidelines system where I was required to use my own credit card. Christopher said he understood and would get back to me with any alternate means. When I next tried to contact Christopher to submit my completed module for the day I did not receive any response or confirmation of reception of my email. That was on a Thursday and when I tried to contact him on the next day I also received no response. I gave it the weekend to see if perhaps he was waiting to contact me until the next module was to be assigned but when I tried to contact him on Monday his email address no longer existed. I tried to contact the same person, Sonya Ford, who I had initially been contacted by, but that email was no longer active either. The phone numbers provided by both of them no longer worked and the company website was gone. After some investigating I discovered that this most closely matched the description of a Office Set-Up scheme where a party looks to gain access to your bank account or credit card through the idea of it being a special project for you, the new employee. I am sure that this new Technology handle will not be used in the future but hopefully my experience can be of some use.
This page acts as if you are running for a position in the company (PC World) through Whats App. When you are offered the position they will inform you that a package of the company's material is on the way to you after receiving your address. They may even ask you to use your own money to purchases their materials. When the package arrives it will be no material only a check that they ask you to deposit into your bank account. Nothing about this process is legal. Here the email they use: Frontdesk01 Your information is retrieved off of a career website: Career Builder.
Some want you to fill out an application, and they do ask for your banking information.  Be careful, this company is on www. Indeed.com.
I received a text message from +15055216870. He said his name was Christopher Barry and he was from Genstar Capital, and had seen my resume. Then I was given an interview number to text interview with him on the wiremail app. I shared photos of my ID and Social security card. Then I was told to provide a 6 digit number provided by ID.me. When I received a text providing me with the code, it told me not to share. Only I didn't share it. I don't what would have happened. I'm still not happy that I shared all of my info and was stupid enough to fall for it. I don't know what would have happened.
Received an email that I was the most qualified for a particular position at a company called Pacylex Pharma out of Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. I went online to check if there was such a company and read the info. It seemed real, and perhaps it is, but the others are using it. Next, They asked me to set up a Skype interview, which I did and then went through the interview. They then said that I fit their criteria and offered me the position for Assistant Administrative Manager. They sent another email with the letter of offer and I signed and sent it back. I then was told that they would send me a check to purchase the necessary office equipment as I would be working remotely initially. They sent the check via FedEx Next day. I received the package and opened it. Everything was wrong. Check ($4500) was issued from Geary County in Kansas. The driver's name and company address had nothing to do with Pacylex or Canada. The letter along with the check indicated that I should deposit the check using my mobile app. All Red Flags to me so I called the local police and they said they had similar cars, but not with that name.
6475 Eco Coast Highway #708 Long Beach, CA 90803 is the address listed on their email. The email is a text sent to an old email address that I haven't used in years due to it being one taken from a security compromise at two years ago. The only way for someone to have acquired it would be on an illegal list as are sold by dealers. (unless they have had it for many years and just now decided to contact me, a decade after I retired!) Their link goes to a "search engine" where you fill in the job title and your address at a website entitled: https://careerdaily.com/. It then leads to another website when you search for employment: https://www.virtualvocations.com/. That is when you find that you need to "come" to their service to actually see the details of the job.
I was contacted by  Paul andt  via LinkedIn.  I was told Mr. Sandifer Hatch would like to speak to me via telephone.  I interviewed by phone and then contacted him a day later via LinkedIn (the phone numbers I was given did not work).  Eventually he told me I was the candidate he chose.  He told me  that andt  would send me an employment agreement and I needed to sign it and he will call me back.  The employment agreement was nothing more than an insignificant letter and nothing on it made sense.  I eventually called him back and he was angry I did not sign the agreement and send back.  He then went on to tell me he would like me to shadow him that Friday and Saturday.  He needed me to sign and send back an I-9, my direct deposit information immediately.  I was skeptical and he got angry and said I must not be the person for the job.  He then told me I needed to send him funds through Apple Pay and noted that Apple Pay would display  no FRAUD.  but that was a thing with Apple Pay and to Facebook and it will work.  He asked for $34.76, $60, $30, $231.81 and $60.  These needed to be done immediately so he could file my I-9, keys to office, keys to his car and keys to his and's house, etc.  After the payments he sent me a more in depth work agreement that he needed signed and sent back before 12pm the next day.  The second contract was more ridiculous than the first.  At seven the next morning , and had  sent me an email stating the contract should be signed before noon.  I wrote back that I needed to have an attorney look at it.  I then received a message from his lawyer stating the job was no longer available to me because I caused too many problems.  I wrote back that I wanted my money back and received no reply.  After paying him the night before I was then aware this was a trap.  He also set up an email address for me and asked for a password.  I have many pages of documentation.
A friend       from ENVASES group company, apparently reviewed my Indeed application for a role. Told me the times where they wanted to conduct an interview via Telegram. They do a good job of hanging fruit by telling you its a remote position at      $ per hour. They also want you to contact their hiring manager through Telegram, whose name is Lisa Henderson at            . Apparently she is a Director of Human Resources and provides you with a protection code.
I was contacted by an individual named Iliana Ilieva.  I be assumed she got my information from Indeed but I can't be sure.  She requested an interview via phone  however, this interview was non-verbal.   She than said "Congratulations you got the job.  Please get on time by 8 a.m. sharp tomorrow".   I got on line the next morning and she sent me a bank check for $1,380.10 via email.   I was told to take a snap shot and do a quick deposit to my bank (Chase).   I immediately started to suspect him once I saw the check.  The font was very generic and too similar.  The bank name Commerce was not the Commerce Bank logo on the check.  There was a line in the check.  After completing the deposit she said "Congratulations you have completed your first accounting task.  We will talk again tomorrow at 8 a.m.".  Then I received a fake offer letter from a company called GSI and an employment document to verify my identity and citizenship.  Chase put the check on hold.  This woman then asked me to go purchase a gift card out of my own money to purchase supplies for the company since the check was on hold.  I called Chase and they informed me that they claimed it as urgent.
Using ads to target postgrad individuals seeking employment in marketing and advertisement. Website looks very nice and legitimate but once you start working there you are introduced to a toxic environment where management is expecting charities to put money back into their own pocket in a pyramid scheme type manor. They're selling child suicide to raise funds to pay for the  group founders' brand new tractor (truck) and other toys. Terrible company with even worse results and no regards to employees or the foundations they  do support. 
I was invited to work for a call center from home by dunton-consulting.com was told I will be paid every week on Monday I work for this company for   $When I work for two weeks not receiving a payment I've contacted the manager multiple times and was given fake dates on when I was supposed to receive my payment she has now stop answering my text and phone calls
Possibly human trafficking, virtual assistant job posting. Asked for banking information to cover costs of  the equipment but  no credentials were presented or even a video call all through them. Original posting on Facebook, home base
Odyssey Group Apr 8, 2021, 7:35 AM Dear Applicant, Your resume published online has been reviewed and you have made it to the NEXT STEP for the job opening. Your resume was shortlisted for an online interview with the Compliance Officer Mr. Jatin Haryani The name of the Company is Odyssey Capital Group. The position available is Administrative Assistant and this is strictly an online and work from home job, you can as well work from anywhere of your choice or anytime that does suit you. You can choose to work during Morning, Afternoon and even during Evening...The rate is $35 per hour. Primary Duties: Your Primary duties include: Preparation of Balance sheets (Mini), account balancing, financial recording, proper data analysis of sales records and recording pay slips into accounting database all these will be done through the use of the Accounting Software. Secondary duties: Now, your secondary daily duties would be to report to your Supervisor, who would be attached to you online, He/She would assign logs of duty daily and you would be required to work according to instructions, using the Microsoft Office tools and the Accounting software. Now the function of the Accounting software is to arrange, organize and manage the data you have processed, sent to your supervisor via E-mail. To participate, set up a new account (skype.com) and add him to your buddy list (jatinharyani@odyssey-capitalgroup.com) You are to  message him for the Job Interview on phone through that phone or set up a mobile account (mail.google.com) with Google Mail (https://hangouts.google.com) on your PC or Mobile Phone and add him to your buddy list (jh.odysseycapitalgroup057@gmail.com) You are to message him for the Job Interview on the account through that portal. He will be online waiting for you guys to conduct the interview. Your identification code is here, this would serve as your identification number throughout the online hiring process. This is from the chat that I did have with him: As soon as the check for your materials has been issued out to you i will contact you and provide you with the tracking number so you can keep track of it and know when it gets to you. Also your working materials has to come along with the company's official logo on it and The software vendor will be responsible for installing the software updates and patches. They will also need to perform manual data analysis and secure the data to meet specific standards.. You will be provided with the means of purchasing the Software programs as stated earlier. You will receive a check for the purchase of your working materials, the company's accounting team will issue the check and will have it sent to the address you have just provided through FedEx or USPS so I suppose the name you provided to me is the same on your bank info? Getting the check will be a task assigned to you by the accounting team. The check is needed to be deposited for clearance as is not designed for instant cash out. As soon as the check delivers, you are required to have it deposited in to your bank account and after deposit, the funds will be credited and available in your account for cash out immediately or  the next day morning. Alright, thank you and i hope you will be a good source to the company in joining us, you would become part of a multi-cultural team in an international business spanning research through to commercial. You would also be part of a growing organisation which offers the opportunity to work across functions, among different cultures and business styles: some of our greatest successes have come out of the collaborations and relationships that we have been able to build. I believe that will be all for today. Once again Congratulations!, You are to report back online here on about 8:am your time Monday morning for updates on the last check and how to get started with work... Okay? I had to check and see if this was a.  it's really hard to look for jobs online... and it takes so much time doing research..
This company (Lonza Group) called me, then texted me about some employment opportunity.  Unfortunately I was (stupid) and desperate enough to believe them. I gave them my personal information and I almost bought a bunch of nonsense equipment. It seemed legitimate because I looked up company on Google.  Unfortunately it was not.
I was recruited via email for a remote job shipping packages that I assume contained stolen products to random addresses. I was asked to sign a contract and provide my social security number for a W-2 and was told I would be paid $2700 after my initial probation period (30 days). I completed a phone interview via a local (local) phone number and was requested to begin work immediately. I reported the quality and photos of the products daily and worked 9am to 5pm and at the end of the training period I received no payment. I tried to contact my supervisor, the editor, and help but was never able to reach anyone and the website had disappeared. I left my real job because all of the orientation seemed legitimate and professional and have now been unemployed for 5 months, unable to find a legitimate remote job.
This number texted Stating for a job opportunity to wrap your car advertising Purell Hand Sanitizer. Don't fall for it. It is a town.

Thought it was a decent job running a credit check. Filled a form through a form and thought my sensitive information was protected. 2 days later, credit report was ran on my 'ème site.
There was an email sent to me by MGM RESORTS for a promotion to promote MGM resort. There were suppose to come out on April 9 2021 to provide a rubber to put on my vehicle, they were going to put it on and then come back after 3 months to remove the vinyl that would be put on my vehicle. They also would provide me with a payment of $400.00 weekly but they sent a monthly check.
I received a text message stating they reviewed my resume on indeed and that they would like to interview me. I had to download an app called Telegram Messenger to contact the "Director of Human Resources" her name was Lisa Henderson and he handle for the app is @Hrlisahenderson. also in the text message they gave me a security code to give to Lisa. In my messages she never asked for it. While using the app to talk to this "real" person she said she was the one. Talent Acquisition Leader at ENVASES group company. That right there was flag #1, She has 2 titles that are completely different jobs? she proceeded to tell me the pay is $30.50 a day and its work from home. after her asking simple non trivial questions i was told I would be receiving a HP laptop and a W-4. Along with a check to purchase some clothes. This is flag #2/3, $30.50 for work from home and later she changed it to $34 and that I would drive my W-4 at the same time as a laptop? The next flag was her asking for my ID or SSN. I told her i would be happy to provide this to someone in person but over the phone. She then said okay and asked for my name, address, cell#, and email. Flag #5 was how she said I was to pay for the software. from a "trusted bank" that only accepts Cash App, Zelle, or Zenmo and I was to keep $100 for myself as a signing bonus. after this i was told to be ready the next morning at 8am. I was asked to write an article, while i did so she sent me a email with a check for $2,359.16 from a company that ive never heard of and not the one she claimed to have worked for. This was obviously a fake check. I asked why isit it from anyone and she wrote its from a private company and then I asked why her email was a real address and not from anyone. She has stopped crying. THIS IS A!!!! DO NOT GIVE OUT YOUR INFO TO THESE PEOPLE!!!
Contacted me via text and said there was a job with an excellent pay and to use Skype and have an interview but only using the next feature. Said I could have weekly daily or bi weekly pay. Wanted to know job history then eased way into asking personal account information.
This so called company advertised through Indeed an employment position that I was interested in applying for in the Scottsdale, MS area as I am planning to relocate there in the near future.  The application process was completed on line and really didn't raise any red flags.  I received an email stating my application had been received, then a little later in the day, another email stating how I needed to proceed with a on line interview process, which given the times and the social setting didn't really concern me. Questions asked were pretty routine for any interview until they asked how I would like to be paid and what bank did I use.  I provided a name of a bank  however not mine and within minutes, received a reply that I was hired.  I quickly sent a replay back stating I was not accepting until they could send me additional information (through the USPS) regarding the company, salary and benefits they offered.  I also indicated I was going to do some research through the firm to ensure they were a new company.  I have had no further contact with anyone.
I received a text message from the number 3253990641 on April 3rd about a job interview with the company manager. I was told to contact Nancy Cox who is now with the company to set up an interview through their messenger.I looked up the company and it seemed lost. I contacted Nancy Cox and we went back and forth via the messenger app with the job interview. After sending in a video interview and answering basic interview questions, I was hired immediately. After researching the company some more, things did not add up with what they were saying about the jobs. Red flags were raised after I received an email with a check to deposit into my account, which I did not do. So I called back to told them im not interested and I haven't heard from any of these people. The offer letter seemed like but I felt that something wasn't right. All communications have stopped.
I am classified as a minority in my field and partially unemployed due to it.  I received an email on Facebook from a website, gloriacarter@empowerrecuiter.com,  requesting a resume in a format I never heard of before, "All - Compatible", with an offer to submit to their client.  When I searched to learn about the resume format, it is for an automated tracking system inside a security firm.  I decided to reach out to the company to learn more.  Perhaps there was an error in the email?  I went to the website and found that there was no phone number available for the company.  I follow the address to find that it is a Medical Complex with doctors offices. I decided to look for them on the web to find no information and I was relegated to the BBB page for researching them. https://www.bbb.org/new-york-city/scam-job-offers/ I looked the name up using https://lookup.icann.org/ to find that the domain not found.  I replied to the email requesting assistance with the resume process. I received a reply on Twitter from gloriacarter@empowerrecuiter.com, "Hello, The role is aligned with your experience. Unfortunately, your resume is not as per the standard and scores less than 50 on our Candidate Management System (CMS) as a result, you will be automatically excluded from the shortlisted candidates. In order to move forward, I need your PC-compatible resumes for the initial process. You may contact http://resumes-master.com/ for A Compatible Resume. For reasons of confidential and non-disclosure, I am not able to share any detail of the position or company with you at this time, unfortunately. I will check my schedule and let you know a few time slots for a brief phone call after the initial process. Regards, Gloria Carter Senior Hiring Manager"  At this point, I assumed this was a trap because of no phone, no email address, no record in court, no official website and all other contract firms take either photo or word form and don't readily submit you to a client without a screening.  This looks like an attempt to fraud money from people who are desperate and unfamiliar with standard hiring practices.
I was contacted via text on March 16, 2021 by a man who texted "This is Mr. Tom from ziprecruiter. I hope a position of personal assistant available for you" I replied I am currently employed right now. He replied "You can work along with your current job".  I waited a day and replied back to get more information regarding the position and asked if it was remote work. His text reply "this is online work from home and you can get the task done via your device, laptop and your phone as long as you have the access at your home is that understood?" I asked about how many hours a week is projected? He replied, "The pay is $1500 for 25 to 30 hours weekly." I asked about benefits. He replied, "Benefits: Health, Dental, Life and AD and D Insurance, Employee Plans and 401K plans. Paid time off and holidays with generous company visits. I was on the fence if this was a real opportunity, but he had all my contact information. I asked him to email me the job details and he told me what my email address was and asked if I wanted him to send the information to that one.  Long story short he sent the job description with no company name which is normal sometimes for a person to do. Then he asked me how close I lived to a post office or united states postal service. Then started back asking qualification questions like how fast do I type, work ethics, and accountability. Then he states I am a a perfect fit for the job. Then he asked me to send a photo of my ID. I did. Then I asked him the name of the company. He replied, "A Solution". Then he proceeded to tell me my address and asked if the I was still living there. I said no and gave my new address because I had just recently moved. Then I started getting more suspicious because he asked me the name of my bank. I told him then he asked "how long have I been banking there?" I replied, "WHY?" He said, "To be sure on the rate of the amount you can receive with your bank" Then I replied, "I will just start off getting a check in for my service" Then he asked me for my "Name on account, Account number, and routing number" I declined to give him that information. Then he said once you receive mail check from company client, you will have to take a clear picture of it before you proceed with deposit of record, is that understood? I asked him to call me and he did to my surprise. And then he went back to telling me regarding the shipping of my first assignment. And then the conversation ended. He contacted me again on March 22, 2021 and said "You are starting your duties as instructed by next coming week..." I replied so there is no interview with the actual company I will be working for? He replied, "This is an online work from home, after proper review on your resume, the company is well ok with you, just follow the instructions as instructed when it's time to proceed. He contacted me again on March 27, 2021 and texted, "Did you got any update via me today?" I replied, NO. He contacted me today on April 7, 2021 complaining on the delay of the package due to Covid-19 issues etc. "You will be receive a check of $3,850 in 2 check on deposit." I replied, I'm no longer interested. Please stop sending me messages. I believe this is a trap and have contacted local authorities" He did not reply.
Pedro Morelo contacted me wanting to hire me after I applied to his Indeed about a Administrative position and then he was wanting to know my bank name only wanted to know. I wanted direct deposit then stated I would receive a check in the mail to buy office equipment to start up which I did ask why he stated it was going to be mine after working for them for some time he kept asking for my address and phone number which is all On my resume
That letter came in mail. is included.

I was contacted through an email telling me I was qualified to be hired for a job that was work from home packing packages and re-shipping them. after inspection and filling a report, I would be paid a base monthly payment of $2000 and an extra $40 per package shipped. I had a phone interview after which I was told I was hired. They sent me a new work contract...ALL of this looks legitimate. I received 4 more emails asking for personal information. Before sending them anything I contacted him and was informed it was a trap.

The company called Odyssey Capital Group, claims to be world wide and wanted to start a branch in Minnesota.  They did a strange interview with me through Google accounts.  They sent me a check even thought I didn't fill out paperwork confirming that I was hired by them. They sent the check in order for me to purchase a laptop, printer, and software for their company.  They wanted me to deposit the check into my personal bank account and send proof that it was deposited. I contacted the police when I saw the check and they informed me to destroy the check and block the email, account, and phone number.  Now I'm informing you to let others know.
I received a text message from an individual named James Harrison about a job opportunity. He stated he found my application on Crelate, which is an actual recruiting website. He told me to get hold of an individual names Russ Harris via a Telegraphing system, which I thought was weird but I did it anyway. I got hold of Russ via telegraph and app and I stated I could set up an interview next week. He proceeded to do the interview via the email app, answering my request for a video interview. This was on Friday, he told me his team would like at my answers and I was to contact him by taking my time. Once I contacted him, he stated I had the job. He started to brief me on the job, how to get the equipment, etc. The agreement stated, I would receive the check, deposit it into my account, I would then have to contact the vendor they use and order my own supplies. Once I received all my equipment, I would then meet my new supervisor (no name was given  stated he did not know who it was just yet because of my location) and he would have the new hire paperwork to sign. The home equipment  consisted of laptop, printer, copy machine, printer, phone, software, this is all before I even signed official new hire paperwork. I agreed, he stated the check would be made over night and I was to contact him the next day at seven to check in to see if I received the check or not. I stated I had not and that the tracking information he provided notified me the check would not arrive until 1200. By this time, I felt extremely off, uneasy even. I looked him and the company up on Linkedin. He has one, the company is great but it was weird to me that he was trusting me with company funds before I signed paperwork. By this time, he was begging me to go check to see if the check arrived yet. By then, I was really skeptical of this, why was he pushing so much for me to get the check into the bank. I asked him if he could send me a copy of the official new hire paperwork on company terms via email and he refused. He started to make me feel guilty for questioning him. I told him I didn't feel comfortable putting company funds into my bank account without an official company statement sent to me. He didn't do that, he continue to make me feel guilty. Once I told him I was no longer accepting the job, he told me how much time and effort he put into talking with me via the dating app. He told me to send the check and he DELETED all of our conversation over the email app instantly. Be careful! Just because someone is real doesn't mean someone else isn't using their identity to save people.
I received a group text stating there was a job position open for a Payroll Personal Assistance needed part time making $1400.00 a month. Sent me a link form.jotform.com. I then got other texts just from this person stating his name was Steve Mathew and when I would like to start, and asked how I wanted to get paid, if I wanted money order, western union, bank, etc. It was also stated I would be rewarded for any money I spent for getting supplies from Amazon. I thought things seemed a little funny, so I took it upon myself to look online and through Better Business Bureau to see if this was a real thing, which was not. I did not give any of my information away cause I have been called before. I don't have the messages anymore because I automatically deleted and blocked the number. The phone number that texted me though is (205) 767-7512.
Mr. Starks used the Name of Auto Supply, how to hire an employee, who was supposed to purchase goods and ship them to him, he established communications with such individual through emails, produced a fake employment offer, and signed as  the Personal supervisor out  of the Supply, he offer the employee a high salary and a credit card to carry out his duties. The individual hired an attorney to collect from Abco Supply his salary (8,400 monthly as salary and bonus). Mr. Orlando Cobo, general manager of Abco Supply found out about this when he received a letter from a MIami attorney, claiming salaries and compensation. Mr. Cobo immediately realized that his was a Company identity theft, he contacted an attorney and file a police report 21-00-1782, and provide evidence through our accountant that Abco Supply has never hired any employees, also a report was file with the Coral Gables Police department. We supposed that the same individual made a complain to us. He apparently wrote a letter to Abco Supply which was never received, the company went from A status to F.
Business claims to recruit individuals for Board of Director positions with its  main clients only, requires an up front payment of $100.00 to review prospective applicant's resumes, states it will contact applicant within two business days after resume status  is evaluated, but takes the fee first, then fails to contact applicant or respond to requests from applicant.
So, I applied late 2 nights ago, around 11 pm. EST. I then received an email the next day stating that I have been selected to move forward with an interview with their hiring manager. I needed to download an app called Facebook and that would give me communication with this company. I then had an hour and a half interview asking me all relevant questions for my job. Everything seemed great until I heard that the pay was 40.00 an hour. I was shocked. I looked up the US average salary and it was 40,000 for a data entry clerk. After that, I saw the contract and there was nothing missing. It even said I can terminate whenever. I signed it and was ready to report today. I next day (today) I had a weird feeling about this company. First off, they wanted me to communicate through the app still, after employment, instead of professionally, like through email or through Zoom. I then called the phone number on the website and that checked out. After that I started looking through the websites and it turns out, the links are all on a loop. If this company was legal, they would have social media, digital forums, or just a website for employee compensation/promotions. I then decided to get out of this employment. Be warned!! They highly encourage you to give them your banking expertise. Always going for check just to be sure.

I was hired for a contract position through Indeed for a remote package supplier.  My duties were to accept packages from said business, purchase them, and send them to UPS or FedEx to be re-shipped.  They asked for a copy of my license and my bank information for employment purposes.  All my personal information was uploaded into their "Control Center database".  I would receive detailed information on packages that were being sent to me to be prepared.  After looking up and comparing the outgoing recipients, it was concluded that this "company" was committing credit card fraud and mail fraud.
Big scheme job opportunity. Presented itself in a different way. Here is the email I received, a red flag to me was when they kept asking me on my decision and if I would accept.  They kept calling me and meeting me in the same day looking for a response, and I haven't had a moment to look at all the information. We are delighted to grant this offer of employment for Purchasing Agent position with Merchandise World. Base on your submitted Resume details(see your submitted earlier Resume copy attached), and their situation, we are ready to make a Job Offer with no interview process, but with a 2 weeks trial( testing) and training period. Training is a free and you will be paid a base 2 weeks salary as well. Enclosed to this email account, will describe the employment conditions and terms. The beginning 2 weeks are going similar for all new employees: the part-time and full time. You may choose the Employment Type (Full-time or Part-time or Commission only) after the trial 2 weeks period. Employment with the Company is permanent W2 employment for no specific period. You will be required to perform all duties to the best of your ability at all times, follow all reasonable and proper directions given to you by the employer. Your estimated start date will be April 12th, 2021 (or earlier optional). It is, currently, a work from home( or remote) position which will start from an office in 1-2 months, or you can continue keep working as a work from home employee permanently. Please make sure you read and understand the following contents to this email: -. attachment with your name: Official Job Offer letter - type attachment "Exhibit 1 - Job Official Duties" -. attachment "Company's History" -. attachment "Personal Form" To accept this Offer of employment please return/email back a complete Job Form with your acceptance. You can fill the electronic copy or, print the form, fill it by your hand and send it back as a scanned and attachment. Signature is not required. By accepting this letter of offer, you acknowledge and agree that you will not use or destroy confidential information relating to the business of the employer. Remuneration. You will be paid a Base Salary every two weeks, plus additional $ cash bonus(look the new attachment "Exhibit 1 - Job Official Duties" for more details). Your position is listed in a Job Offer Letter and it is still available. Trial and Training. A trial period will apply for the first 2 weeks of your employment. Beginning 2 weeks period is going with no actual hours and schedule, it is a similar process for Full-time and Part-time positions with a flexible communication. Terms and conditions of employment. Unless provisions that are more generous are provided in this letter or the attached beginning process, the terms and conditions of your employment will be those discussed with your Supervisor (please see the contact info from a Job Offer File). To check the company's Legitimacy and discover more about us, please visit our web site or use the following information: Florida State Business Entity Database : http://search.sunbiz.org/Inquiry/CorporationSearch/ByName Entity Name: MERCHANDISE WORLD - Web Number: 82-3614613 If you have any questions or require further information, please don't hesitate to contact me. Regards, by Angela Bell, +1 (786) 329-5499 MERCHANDISE WORLD http://www.merchndw.com +1 (305) 515-8221
An Asian lady asked me to review her products free of charge with ease. I could not imagine her location. I texted a friend and when she called the message out i deleted it from my messages.
I answered a help wanted post on Facebook for a personal assistant for a lady that supposedly worked for a coffee company.  They had me get check paper from them and print it at home.  Then they wanted me to place the check in my checking account and send them a copy of my deposit slip.
The person poses as a computer and gains access to information. Posting jobs on indeed.com. And acts as if she is attempting to give you an assignment, then keeps pushing start date back. Gained access to social security card and driver's license. It has been two weeks, she says that you are approved to work but never starts you.
This company called me initially about my resume on Indeed, the person calling was named Jessica Scott. She briefly interviewed me and told me about how this company is growing into my state. Not long after, I received a Pre-Employment Agreement with a promise of $2600 or $5400 depending on the training test scores. I was excited about this, and there were no red flags at all, so I signed with an agreement of compensation. I was assigned a training manager, Adam Zimmermann, that was very nice and creative. He informed me that after I passed the training period, I would be invited to stay in New York for a week to be further interviewed to see where I would best fit in the company.  At this time, I was training to be a Project Manager. Mr. Zimmermann told me that even though this job may "seem to good to be true," it was not because of the work that would be required to put in.  He was right, because I spent everyday for weeks studying the material in order to pass the weekly test "with flying colors," as my training manager would say. On 3/2, I received the final test that covered all the material from the past 4 weeks and ended with a self-evaluation. Though the test was not due until the 9th, I sent my completed test in by the 4th. However, I had not heard from Mr. Zimmermann since 3/2 at this time. I waited until the 11th to reach out with no response. I called Mr. Zimmerman again on the 15th with again no response, then the 23rd, 28th, and last, the 31st. I also called the number given to me on 3/15 and 3/26. I spoke with my lawyer, and he informed me that there was not much that we could do outside of reporting this case to him.

On Wednesday March 31 I searched on LinkedIn for jobs. I found a posting that said it was from him  and  Just publishing for a year and submitted my resume via LinkedIn. In less than an hour, I received a text message from a caller named Stephanie Loh who said she is a temporary secretary for an  and .. Her phone number is 772-241-7976. She said she was responding to my LinkedIn application and would like to schedule an interview. After I replied ok, she directed me to use WhatsApp to contact my representative John Mayle at the number +1 601-301-4408. I did and he proceeded to interview me via WhatsApp text messages for about an hour and a half. One of the questions asked for the name of my banks so that they could check if it is compatible with their account. They asked for my name, address, email and phone number. He directed me to check in the following morning at 8am for interview results, which I did. He said I was approved and an employment letter would be made to me. When the letter arrived I immediately saw that it was full of spelling and grammar errors and little information. I knew then this is a trap. The letter says I would be expected to pay for the brand new MacBook the company would be sending me for work materials out of funds they would provide. However, his interview comments the day before were that the equipment would be free along with its software. I then looked up employment terms and found that this is a common practice.
I applied for this job along with many viavers so I assumed it was a legitimate position. A reporter from the "company" reached out to me about setting up and interview. I didn't hear back for a few days and when they reached out, the start time for the interview was rushed and scheduled through Google Hangouts. I though this was a bit odd but assumed maybe it was due to him and everything being different these days. I answered a multitude of questions and was told I would be contacted if I was approved and ready to be hired. There was a lengthy short PDF sent to me about the job duties, training, start date, and hourly wage. The hourly wage was insane. $43/hour from a remote customer service, who they "interviewed" solely though typed responses from me on Google accounts. I reached out about accepting the position and once I was asked for my SSC and ID copy I told them I wasn't comfortable and that I believed this to be a dream. The response from this man seemed angry and his response was that I would be "charged" if I went through with posting anything about the job or if I went forward with reporting this. Citigroup is a legitimate and very good company from what I know. The teams use their actual logo. I think they should be aware that this is happening. Side note: the grammar and pronunciation was not at all professional which also raised concern. I understand language barrier but when added all together this didn't seem right.
I applied for a position online through indeed.com for a Call Center Rep., on 03/29/21.   I received a email from Pedro Morelo, at notifications-1581@app.bambooh,com in the email he instructed me to setup a social account and add support for marvee@laminioncare.com.  Then on the morning of Thursday, I received a chat from Marvee on my computer which was a online interview.  They said they would send a laptop to my address I gave them which is my new address and send a check so I can go and purchase items that I will need to perform the job.  They did ask if I wanted my check direct deposited and I said yes but never gave my banking information as I explained my bank is in Oklahoma City.  They said they are going to send a computer and the W-2 form for me to fill out.  After I ended the call I called the company and was not able to locate it, so I called the Better Business Bureau. She asked my full name, address phone number.  She is sending papers for the W2 form
The singer contacted me through our phone and said "I would like to write to you that we are sorry about our unusual approach if this interview conducting this is interesting to you if you are new to all this, but I believe the world is always advancing so it is important to stay on top of things as change is inevitable. They asked for my information which my resume already has that information. I was not providing anything new. But, I was definitely not giving my social security number for sure.
The name of the person calling me was Ruth Fields. We communicated through email and she had me fill out some employment information to send back to her (nothing big, just name, phone number, stuff like that). After I received back the paperwork filled out, it took a day for them to contact me back. I received an email saying her assistant would call me for an over the phone interview. Later that day I received the phone call where the assistant explained the job to me and asked me around 5 yes or no questions. I asked the assistant if there would be a face-to-face or a live interview with Ruth Fields, she said that she did not know, but for me to email Ruth that I completed the over the phone interview. Later that day Ruth called me saying I would start my training tomorrow at 9 am. Ruth asked me to download Telegram so that we could communicate. At 9 am I asked Ruth if we would be having a face-to-face interview or if we would come. She responded no because they have not opened an office 'in my area.' Throughout the time I spoke to Ruth she continued to say that they would open an office 'in my area' the second half of 2018 rather then stating the name of the city I am located in. I then told Ruth that I wanted to talk to someone in customer service, but when I called the number on their website, a robot would ask for an extension. I asked Ruth if there was an extension that I could call to  talk to someone. Ruth then deleted our messages on Telegram and stopped communicating with me. The website they have has no contact information to speak with an actual person, they don't appear to have any social media presence (weird for a company that says they've been around for 13 years), and no employee or customer reviews (again, weird for an 'established company'). I personally did not lose anything because they stopped all communication, but I wanted to give anyone in contact with Ferstey Logistic Services a heads up.
Richard Bale called from Zipwire saying he viewed my resume and wanted to do a phone interview. Mine was used, and a Human Resources Officer named Jeremiah Murray asked a few questions, and told me I got the job. Bernice Johnson sent me an offer letter, using her personal email account. Mr Murray said I will need to purchase software to be able to do the job, and that I would receive a check, along with employment information. He wanted to know if I used USAA Bank for direct deposit. I asked for there company email accounts, and have not heard back.
Received a text about being a secret shop for the company and in a few days I would receive an envelope in the mail with a money order and instructions on what company I was doing secret shop on. Received a money order for $1000.00 and was to buy a $800 OneVanilla GC and then scratch back panel off and take pictures and send to them. Thank goodness I did not cash the money order or buy the gift cards.
A man left a message in my ear telling me to go a his website and start making up to $500.00 per day by doing nothing.
Man real      don run t      with this company they          the       Rimi lied made it sound so good everything was just right he do ll no man anybody out there stay away from them anything they send you keep that      that you s how we win keep everything they send it you s not far they get overs and people got families to feed kids to be looking after
I received a priority mail envelope with a fake letter and a fake check. I immediately knew it was fake because it looks fake. It seems that they have made several copies of the check and letter. They just don you t look right.
Posing as private equity broker having to fill positions for a confidential client, NDA required for any additional information. Requests resume and responds that it need to be converted to an "Application Tracking System compatible" format. Refers to a company at https://cmsresumes.com to convert against a fee. Not sure if this is only a claim for the fee amount or a broader attempt to secure credit card information of both.


I was contacted by an Aaron who sent a group chat to myself and about 10 other people in a mass group chat about a job offer for a Senior Clerk Assistant. At first he didn't say exactly who he was at first in the text he then sent a link for the job for those of us who replied yes to his text message. It contained a website link for a individual to fill out for the same job it asked for our age, sex, current occupation, and email and good contact number to be reached at. Andre Aaron then sent me a text message to confirm that i was who i said i was and then he told me the materials that i needed to purchase via text message then he proceeded to repeatedly ask about if i ordered the materials. My response to him was that i wasn't ordering any of the materials until i had solid employment documentation saying or as proof that i had officially been hired by the company he still never directly stated the company's name or any benefits or anything like that. When i received the email from Andre Aaron it contained the application which states a company Called GFI GROUP OF COMPANY. I clicked on the website link within the application to see if it was a fake or not and also to try and contact a real person however the office was closed and i did leave a message to find out if this person Andre Aaron is a real or not or if this company is even hiring anybody for a work from home job. Also i have all screen shots of all communications with Andre Aaron because he also requested me to email him the request for the ordered materials and he had me download a contact application called WhatsApp because he stated that was a better way to communicate with each other. Then he then proceeded to mention banking and using its currency to pay clients, and also he asked me for full access to my personal banking account and stated it so the company can monitor the clients' money getting sent and distributed however i did not respond to him or give him any access to any of my banking information because to me that was a super huge flag after he asked me about whether or not if i lived alone and who i live with specifically. Also now that i purchased the materials i realize that some of the items that i might not be able to use for regular in house use may or may not be handed back to me. All total the materials cost me $118 which includes the cost of shipping and handling and sales taxes.
I was texted by a "Dr - type Friend" via text message offering an Administrative Assistant job at ENVASES. I was directed to contact "ex - Davids" via Telegram app. His phone was 3856661093. His personal message was @humanresourcedesk. Once contacted, interview questions were asked, starting with a form asking for employment, DOB, birthplace, school, major, address, etc. Also was asked for a short video. A second list of questions was asked which ended asking for my bank name. After a few minutes, I was asked to provide any form of ID or SSN, as well as a search of my face, under the name of a remote job.
I applied to a job listing on Twitter.  The link took me to a job offer at Apple in Cleveland, Ohio.  I got an email from Jing Gao at workingdesk607@gmail.com saying I was a match for the job and told me to download the entire app and contact Mrs. Sharon Shaw.  The user name on file was sharonshaw026 and the email address provided was sharonshaw026@gmail.com.  I contacted her through the app and she started testing me, she wanted to know basic information and had me answer some questions about why I was qualified and what I wanted paid.  She said to stand by for 10-15 minutes while she talked to her Superior.  She then offered me the job and asked if I wanted Direct Deposit or check and how often to get paid.  She said she was going to send me a check to buy the software needed to do the job and then I was supposed to deposit the check and email her a copy of the deposit slip.  I got an offer of employment made to me from Richard Wall from officedesk043@gmail.com.
I received a text message stating my resume came up on Indeed and to message @workwithIvan001 on their app. I was hired by him and followed up with the company to ensure it was legitimate. The company does exist but the phone number goes to a personal company that is not set up and the email attached to the website gets sent back saying the email is full and inactive. I asked Ivan for a number to call to verify and he did not respond. I told him I did not feel comfort sharing any further identifying information until I hear back from someone at the company. He no longer responded to any messages.
The person had posted a job posting on Steve Jobs saying they needed a personal assistant and you would make $650 weekly for posting for them on the marketplace. So obviously I applied and they contacted me to post a two bedroom/two bath house for rent in Colorado, I live in Texas and the account for the person states they stay in Arizona. So how she has rental property in Colorado does not make sense. So I posted the ad like she said but my gut feeling was telling me something was off. So I started searching and searching and finally decided to message all the people calling me interested in the property 'hey I'm pretty sure this is a way to get money out of you, I'm really sorry, don't send this person any money." and I deleted the rental posting off page. I asked for proof they were an actual seller and landlord for the property and was told that "my proof is when you get paid" but no method of payments have been received so far.
I applied for a Mystery Theater job I found through a job posting and applied through the website on-siteshopper.com.  Several weeks later, I received a USPS 2 day priority envelope with letter with American Express Logo on it to Mystery Shop for American Express cards due to losing business at locations (like CVS, Sears etc.). The envelope had a check for $2390.73 from McCoy Federal.  It said to email dillon@on-siteshopper.com when I received the envelope.  I smiled and asked what company this was for. You called back saying the company is On-Site and to please see the website and perform the mystery shop, then respond and follow the directions per the letter. I went to my bank on March 2, 2021 and used the check to get the money for the American Express gift cards. I followed the directions on the letter and on March 3, 2021 went to Noblesville Walmart to buy 2 $500 American Express gift cards and $45 of personal items and 2 $500 American Express gift cards at Hotel Mall.  The next day, I sent the detailed shopping experience to dillon@on-siteshopper.com.  I checked my bank online, on March 4th and they said they were holding the check and took out $2390 from my checking account!!. I called and they said the hold would go off in 48 hours, that something might be wrong with the check. I then went on American Express' website to check card balance and ALL 4 cards had a balance of $0, saying all four $500 gift cards were registered in New York City, NY.  I called my bank again on 3/6 to see if I could do anything to get the $ back, he gave me BBB phone number to report the loss. On 3/6, I received an overnight gift envelope from Dillon Patton and check to do another mystery shop for more American Express gift cards.  I sent an email to dillon@on-siteshopper.com for Immediate Attention and to send me a lawyer's check within 48 hours or I will settle for taking $2000 of my money. " also sent to me in USPS envelope. I am an educated person with an MBA and cannot believe I got hooked into this and $2000 was stolen from me.  I really hope you can catch this con-artist.  I just can't imagine how many thousands, on up of dollars he received from innocent people like me.    American Express' name and gift cards are being scanned and they should be made aware of this was going on as well!    I have all the other documentation for this case, but I'm only able to find 1 document! I am happy to talk with someone and provide all the correspondence to this situation/sic!!
I received a text message from a Mr. David Mark saying he was a doctor with Nemaura Medical and he had found my resume on Careerbuilder.  He referred me to a Mr. David Scott for a short pre-interview via chat only, no video.  I was asked a series of 10 basic interview questions.  One of the questions asked me for just the name of my bank to be sure it was one they could do direct deposit to. I was told to be online to work at 7am the next morning.  The next day I was told that I had been accepted to the position and that I would be receiving a check to purchase the work equipment through their official IBM site.  This is all out of order and I told him I would wait for the official letter of acceptance.  He asked for my email address.  I gave him my PO box only.  I just received an email with 3 names.  One a generic looking offer of employment that anyone could have created using company info gathered from their website, the second one was a welcome letter, also generic.  The other was a job application asking for more information about me.  It seems a little late to be applying and accepting at the same time.  I told them in the phone chat that I was reporting them to the FBI.  Let's see if I still get a check in the mail.  They string out the process and provide bits of company information that make it sound legitimate.  These are truly horrible people that should put their skills to use in real jobs.
Said they came across my resume and offered me a job for a warehouse coordinator. Monthly pay of 2000 with extra bonus up to making 3800 a month. Its packages shipped to me from people or companies and then for me to ship off to other people or companies. Got a whole and set up and everything. But seen red flag when an item came to me with someone else name above my address with a made up email that included my last/first name, along with a random phone number. Contacted them and they acted like they didnot know about it and claimed they would do an investigation. Havenot heard anything else about it but desperately wants me to send the other package out and.... This job is a rip off and im taking the right measures to cover my end
She contacted me via text message with the following: Hello, I am (deleted name) from Schneider Electric company. Your resume was reviewed on the WorkinTexas system and your background and experience qualify you for the Admin/Data Entry position at the firm. Reply if interested to schedule an interview. I responded that I am interested and gave times to schedule an interview. I received a message the next day saying to add the interview manager via some account for a meeting and interview session or to schedule right away with (deleted name). After doing so, instead of scheduling an interview, she sent a series of questions through local pages for me to answer saying the interview should take no more than 30 minutes. She started by giving me background information to the company and laying out the responsibilities. Then typed out the following questions to answer:..Answer the following below: 1) Are you currently employed? 2) Are you seeking a part time or full time job? 3) Why do you feel you can do Data entry? 4) How would you describe your work ethics? 5) What is your current typing speed? 6) On a scale of 1 to 10, how would you rate your use of Ms Excel? 7) Do you prefer to work on your own or as part of a team? 8 ) Describe a situation when the work was heavy, how were you able to complete it before the deadline that was given to you? 9) What milestone have you accomplished in your whole career that was remarkable and you would love to share? 10) What are your strengths and weaknesses and how does it affect your job performance? 11) Give 5 reasons why you feel you should be hired to work for us. Note -The answers you provide will be reviewed by one of our own personnel The protection and security of the personal data that you may return to us during this employment process are of great importance to us. That is why we are committed to protecting your privacy and processing your data in the most confidential way. Afterwards, she told me to send my resume and references directly to her and I would hear back the next morning at 8am. The next day I received a letter of employment and a non-disclosure agreement and was told to add another person to those and that would be my supervisor who would give instructions on how to send the forms back should I accept. After following the supervisor's instructions, he gave me an assignment to complete in 2 hours. He said the training would take a week and at the end of the week I would be meeting with someone locally to fill out the rest of my W2 paperwork. But before we could proceed with the rest of training, they would send a package out to me with the software I needed to do my job. In order to put the software on it, I needed to pay $800 in extra costs to place the software on the computer, but I would be damned. I declined and said I didn't have the funds, then came and reported to him. Here is the following translation of that particular text:..Prior to the next assessment, A Macbook will be handed out to you today for the rest of training. The Laptop will contain all the necessary video cameras and company Data which will be used for training. However, You are required to make a purchase of $800 via Zelle to install the software and timer on it. Here are the names of the software programs: Peachtree Complete Accounting Software, MarkS for Windows Accounting Software, MYOB Business Essentials Accounting Software and QuickBooks Pro Accounting Software. I will be training you on how to navigate the following programs and software above. Note - The $800 will be returned once the check is delivered. I believe you can handle that today?
I was contacted via email by an IT Representative claiming to be from Temenos Software Company and it stated they were impressed by my resume and wanted to set up an interview for an on-line work from home position for $35 hourly. It said to contact the hiring manager via whats app or email to proceed with an interview. I should have realized it then as the first red flag. I contacted him on whats app and then he gave me a description of the job and started asking me interview type questions and told me to meet him back on what is s app at 8am and he will have an answer about whether I am hired. He told me I was hired and that he was sending me a laptop and a check to purchase a specific software. He asked for my full name, address and phone number and said he would be sending me a w-4 and to meet him again on what's app at 8am the next morning to go over more information. That as s when I started to think something seemed off and went back to the original email and noticed that it said the company name but was actually from a home address not a company address.
I applied for a job data entry clerk on indeed. com the hourly pay was 19.00, to enter data for Laminion Home Care. I received an email from Pedro inviting me to contact cynthia@laminioncare.com through Google Books for an interview. I downloaded the application and added cynthia@laminioncare.com. We started a conversation and then the interview started. She started asking questions that had nothing to do with the job, she gave me a description of what my job would be, ask how I wanted to be paid weekly or weekly and then said I could pick how I wanted to be trained either on the phone or in person. When I started to ask questions she became irritated and at that point I discontinued the interview told her I felt uncomfortable and immediately deleted the application from my phone.
I signed up to be a secret spy at some point and was sent the info in the mail. All o this looked so real! I am devastated ad don't have the money that the bank wants me to pay back.
A PPC (pay per click) website which has 3 types of messages (SILVER / GOLD / PLATINUM). New members are provided a free Silver membership. You get 10 or 11 ads everyday in your account and get $0.01 per ad you click which would sum up to $0.10 or $0.11 everyday. You can withdraw your money under this free membership (Silver) only when your total amount reaches $ 50. To upgrade to the PAID membership schemes like GOLD or PLATINUM one needs to pay a monthly membership fee, Rs. for GOLD it is $ 20 per month. So after 6 months of constantly clicking ads everyday and reaching a balance of $20.6 in my account I asked for an upgrade to GOLD by reaching my balance of $20.6. At first they refused to acknowledge my upgrade request, then my text emails to customer support were not replied and then after debating the issue, I get a reply "GOLD membership are currently not available", BUT if I paid the $20 membership fee required per month I would be given the GOLD membership. SO IN OTHER WORDS MY CLICKING ADS FOR 6 MONTHS AND ACCUMULATING A BALANCE OF $20.6 WAS A gift.

Contacted me about my resume, "very impressed", exact situation as everyone else here. Although I was able to research them in time before actually having any transaction done, glad I missed a bullet. Thank you past victims, I hope you find it.
So this started on March 7, 2021. I received an email from EPCC that says that I could become a personal assistant. I signed up for it and the next day I started receiving texts from Mr. Paul Lucas. He said that he received my inquiry regarding the offer in EPCC as a personal assistant. Then he listed the duties I had to do which is why I thought this was real. Then he continued on saying that I could get paid $300 weekly or $700 bi-weekly and that I will be receiving money (and check) inclusive of payment for my service through my bank channel so that I can start before he arrives.  He says that my money will be handled by a financial officer by check and asked what bank I use. That was the first suspicion that I had. Then he asked for my email address so the financial officer can send out the checks. Finally, he says that I will be getting the check-in a week. A week came by and I didn't get the "rain check" so I texted him saying I didn't get it on March 12, 2021. He told me when he will inform me when it comes out. on March 19, 2021, he texts me I can start by buying blank checks and told me I had to get over 100 USPS priority mail boxes. So I do that and he texted me the next day asking for my cash app information. On March 22. 2021, I started my "job". He then sends me his email shoeimport44@gmail.com and tells me that I have to print out checks and mail them out the same day. Every time I tried to mail them out the scan bar at the top would not scan but the bottom one can if the mail people use a manual scan. He also started to tell me to go to different post offices every other day. Then he tells me that he will message me on another business line. So I started doing the job then again I mentioned the "bank check" and he said that he will keep me updated tomorrow as soon as he hears from his financial officer. Then this week I didn't feel right doing all of these things and it seemed silly because again he wanted my cash app information so I asked what company he works for this morning of March 31, 2021, and he never replied back. He usually replies at least an hour or two after I texted him so that's when I cut him off. I said that I will not be working for him anymore or sending out any more checks. The funny thing is that he still hasn't replied back to me after 5 hours. I feel bad for the people I sent checks to because now I know it was all a game. In the images below you will see how the checks and labels are and some messages that were deleted.
They contacted me in regards to a job offer for a position I never applied for.  They handed me a check to purchase equipment such as a computer and printer.  The purchase was to be done through Venmo, Zelle or Apple Pay.  All conversation was done through text or email.  Email was a personal email account.
This sent to my messenger SURVEY EVALUATION Hello there...! INACROSS RESEARCH Inc is looking for outstanding representatives to help evaluate customer service in retail stores (Kroger, Apple, Best-Buy, 7-11, CVS, Walgreen and Sears etc), then share your feedback through our Survey Forms. You get rewarded $500 per successfully completed assignment.(Two assignments weekly ) Its a part-time job and it wouldn't disturb your current job. No fees is required from you to participate in these assignments and programmes You must be above 21 years If you wish to register with us kindly fill the form below 1. Full Name: 2. Street Address: 3. State,City,2: 4. Gender,Age: 5. Phone's: Thank you for assisting in our services. We will contact you immediately as your application has been received. 2017, THES Recruitment Plan - M.S.P.A Inc. 2020   Required FULL NAME ( FIRST NAME / LAST NAME )   FULL ADDRESS CITY STATE IN CODE CELL PHONE   EMAIL ADDRESS   OCCUPATION / AGE Comments Never submits through Google Forms. This content is neither created nor endorsed by Google. Report Abuse - Terms of Service - Privacy Policy Work Forms

Hi, This entity keeps calling and telling me about job interviews but I did not apply for any jobs with their  new business card.
I was offered a job offer by a company under the company name of Galenica AG. The job offer was for the Data Entry Clerk position that pays $25/hour and was a work at home job. The company was planning to build offices in my area which I would be transferred to once completed. I first was texted by Michael Haller (phone: +1 845-237-4957) and then given a link for an interview via voice message. The Skype account is under the name of John Rendell (Skype profile: live:.cid.7773823adb3eaf1d). After the text only interview, I was to sign and send back a contract of employment to Zaira Weddell at galenicacareers@gmail.com. After I sent back the contract, John Rendell gave me details about how I was to deposit a check from the company for office supplies that would be handed to me. He also said that IT experts would visit my house every 3 months to check on my equipment until I was transferred to an office. After I asked a few more questions, he gave me the name of the "special office supply vendor" as Declan Camden (email: decofficesupply@gmail.com). He was also unable to provide me with the business plan or a reason why there was no mention of Galenica's expansion into the US on their website. After I researched all of this information and found no results, it was apparent that this was a trap. I terminated my contract and ended the chat.
So I was searching for a job on Indeed website. And a job that looked promising for 1,000 a week as a whole so I took it little to my knowledge it was a loan and the person told me to take a check they had sent me to the bank and deposit it. Then they asked me to go to another bank account. Now me being from Oakland I thinking this is a Job if a lifetime I can pay my bills and be set. No they further the of me to get a cash check for 5000 and then go to Bank of America in Atlanta. And deposit it in to some random account number that they sent me.  That it was for the rental car fees and had. And told me the rest of the money I had was for a suit and tie in black and a blue tie. Further note they said they would have someone contact me on behalf of the rental cat process and get back to me with the paperwork. And details that I would be driving for 5 months from Oakland to La. they said I would have to pick them up from the airport and drop them off and there Apartment they are staying at for the time being.
I don't think this company is real. They had a job post on LinkedIn and I applied for it. Jennifer Enriquez contacted me through LinkedIn magazine to say they wanted to interview me. The only means of information they offered was through Skype messages. The communication was very unclear.  The "director" of Superb Technologies "Tom Fred" is whom I have been speaking with. He hasn't asked for personal info--just my resume (which they should already have since it's what I used to apply for the job) and asking me general interview questions. A quick Google image search showed that his photo is the same photo that is associated with Daniel Schimmel (MD at Northwestern Medicine in Chicago). While I have tried to ask for a specific time to interview (they wanted me to be on and on time), they wouldn't give me any answers. They would dance around the question and are unclear. It doesn't sound like either of those two people (Jennifer and Tom) are real. The language sounds like a robot or someone using an online translator. The screen shot below is an example of the quality of his messages on screen. Please email me to see messages I received on LinkedIn and the rest of the messages on Skype.
Because of this company's terrible job. It seems like every "big step". Do a internet search on these types of jobs. These types of cops usually ship stolen merchandise to your house and then have you return it. You can be held personally responsible for the crime. Plus you never get paid.
I received a phone call indicating that  and  He wanted to hire me administrative assistant position. I didn't apply for a position at P and G, and what job is someone without an interview for a role that I'm sure hundreds would have applied to. She said she got my info from Monster.com, but I didn't use Monster.com during my job search. During the call she asked for my date of birth and middle name and gave me very little information about the potential position. I hung up. When I called back, on several occasions, I did not get an answer. My friend called from her phone and we learned they are claiming to represent P and G through Info Tree Global, however, the position is not listed on the info tree website. P and G does not list an active position listing for the position that was described to me.
See Initially had someone contact me through text and had me send in a code to have an interview with a person by the name of Dan Schaefer on Google Earth. He asked me interview questions and told me that I met the qualifications. Then told me he would contact me on a Saturday morning for the welcome package. By that time I figured out it was a deal, he kept trying to contact me to take the offer and send me a check in the mail.
This company sounds like a typical social scheme to target young job workers desperate for jobs during this bad economy. The company is mostly from India and they are supposedly located in Brazil and Portugal too and their newest place is in Portland, OR and they claim that they want to expand their business into the US. I found a Business Development job posting online. I researched their company and they had no ratings about their products and no Glassdoor ratings and it was very hard to find their US address. Their job position is commission only, which means they would use that as an excuse to make you free labor and they could probably not pay you or they probably would end up sending a fake check. I had a Google Meet interview with then (a guy from Brazil) and it was "too easy". The guy told me I stood out since I was the only candidate who could access Google Meet faster than other people and said my experience was similar to what they are looking for. Next day, I interviewed with the president who was from Brazil as well. Both of them did not even show their faces on World Meet, which is kind of creepy. They offered me the job too easily and they made me download an app called "Signal" when there are tons of smart apps like WhatsApp. The purpose of this company is to provide automated cybersecurity to companies and to supposedly help companies save money on a security specialist. I would not use their products, because their products could be ways to attack your computer and steal it. I would not work for them before I get myself in trouble for selling a bad product to people and I would not use their products as a consumer, because I don't want to get my computers infected.
They offered me a work from home Remote Administrative Assistant position then handed me a full check
Also offer as quality control assistant. They have their own web portal and provide me the phone number. At first the phone number went through till I get the first packages to be ship then all of sudden that phone number no longer work. They also made you sign a contract and have a website. Make it seem right.
a person claiming he is David Back who works as a buyer for Ceva Logistics got hold of my application for a job which I have applied for using Indeed. On the 8th of March 2021 I was asked to contact David Back through WhatsApp to conduct an interview through the App which I did and it took about 45 minutes, he used lots of professional maneuvers to steer me in his direction while I was thinking I am seriously talking to the real David Back who works there. Asked me about my name, address phone number and name of Banks I deal with. I gave all the info but no account numbers and no social security was given. I also gave him my e mail address. He agreed to pay me 87K a year plus benefits then started asking about whether I can deposit checks via mobility. I stopped, started wondering, opened one only to find out that the real David Back at real CEVA is advising all network people to watch for the show. When I opened the internet search for David, saw a whole lots of people being raised just like me. I sent the real David Back all the info for him to report to the company security department. But please from your side you need to look into it as well.
So I was lied to by an acquaintance  about WFG(world financial group) insurance company. He told me I would just have to work 5 hours/week without selling anything and can make a good amount around 3 thousand but that's not the case.I did some research after they got my money and realized that I can only make money if I sell the product to someone and help them hire new recruits  and  Also wouldn't be able to make that type of money until you have a life insurance license. They didn't say anything about that before getting my information, I don't want to be any part of this and would like the amount of 100 I've tried telling the company already.
The site asked me if I'm interested on the job offer. R is the company's name. I was a little bit hesitant so I researched the company name on Google. I saw the site and looks pretty new to me, even have reviews of their customers so I accepted the job. We moved on signing the documents etc. I started when I shipped my first package. I have to take a picture of the items that I got and ship it. I ship packages only here in the United States not internationally. I researched more because I'm paranoid and need to make sure, I found out about the online case. I read the information and what they do to their victims. The only thing that doesn't match is I don't ship packages internationally, like other victims said. Also, Postal Lines haven't contacted me on my recent ship to this package. I don't know if this company is real or a dream. I carefully read the documents, doesn't have any technical errors or spelling errors that a man would have. Please help.
Doesnot give out the address or phone number only the email address. That i can earn up to $500-1,200. Or more each day. All i need is an address they pay me.comment was made i need to activate my account not get started Copy and paste use a device access web I have receive so many email from this person. I haven'tit it yet. I'm really don you t know what not do. As soon as that it i will be earnings so types of money
This company contacted me by email and asked if I wanted to work from home. I did so I replied letting them know I was interested. I went to the website to see if this company was okay. From what I saw on their website it seemed to be so I didnot think anything further. Then after a day or so they contacted me once again with an offer of employment. I was to have packages take pictures then post on the site that was provided to me. Wait for a label. Then take it to the shipping company that was on the label. 2000.00 dollars a month plus extra if I comply with the rules they had in place. I did. But I was delivering packages they had no knowledge of. And when I would tell the person the apparent supervisor, (The name sounded suspicious considering that is a name of a song.) depending on the package was depending on how she dealt with it. Some packages went out again while others just lingered. But when I would discuss with her about the packages left over I never got any real feed back just,"You will be receiving new packages just wait for the labels". Nothing more. So I did. Then there is a section where you can see when you are going to get paid for this. So I was expecting to be paid on the date. Well that date came and went. And when I spoke to her about it she told me to wait for the new packages and labels. That was March 17 the day after I was supposed to be at its March 28 and I never received any payment nor calls, emails, or text messages from her since.

This has previously been reported as a  fact.  Please take action on this matter.
I responded to an ad on Google for this company looking for people to help a moving truck. Over our text message conversation they had agreed to me and my father to help them where the wage was 15 per hour with a minimum of 4 hours paid per person. After job was complete they only paid one of us and said the other wasnot supposed to help but the text messages I have clearly says they owed both of us. Now the owner Josh refuses to answer my call
The job interview was conducted through The App. They provided the job description along with details stating that I would begin the job the next day but haven't been properly contacted through me to start the hiring process. They ask for a photo and my full name, email, address and cell. Which I provided and have since deleted from the app. I fear that they will use that little information to create a fake ID or access some of my financial history. I've attached a print screen of the discussion to cash the check.
Received a 4 claim papers for Texas workforce commission unemployment insurance claims with the claim dates all for the month of March and March/12/2022. I am currently still employed with 28 years and 9 months of service.
My son is sick and needs a dog to replace his current service dog who is ill, aging and needs to retire soon. Molly Barber and Peter Johnson. Home of Fun showed in Frise and Bichon/London mix for sale. We spoke in length. She sent pictures and video to me for my son. I paid her $500 through Cashapp. She later stopped all contact with me. My son didn't receive his dog. I filled a police report. I would love to see her caught and convicted of her crimes. This is such a cruel act on a rich individual who was already hurting from finding out his service dog of nearly 10 years is ill. Please care of her.
Money the cryptocurrency law.  https://www.fbi.gov/scams-and-safety/common-scams-and-crimes/money-mules
here is what the new age says, clearly they are trying to get gift cards About Us. Urban Survey and Marketing Sales  Group is a direct Researching Group and Sales firm built in New York. We are currently seeking to employ individual's throughout America for the position of Research Analysts/Market Research Analyst. Grange Survey and Marketing The  Group Ltd  is currently in contract with few stores and accepting applications for qualified individuals for Best Buy, Target, Target And eBay shopping survey. You will be paid for gathering specific information about products and services. Your job will be to evaluate and comment on customer service, etc, in a wide variety of shops, stores, restaurants and services in your area. You'll be paid to shop and hang out, getting free meals, free merchandise, free services, free entertainment, fun work, flexible schedule. It's fun, really and you choose when and where you want to shop. You are never allowed to accept an assignment. There is no charge to become or take a survey and you don't need previous experience, After you sign up, you will have access to training materials via e-mail, SMS or postal mail.  p   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n  n  THE ASSIGNMENT AND COMPENSATION: For the sake of this particular assignment, you'll be paid an amount of $400 to evaluate a money transfer service at any of the stores. NOTE: We will provide the money and you'll be sent to carry out this assignment as you are not obliged to spend a penny out of your The fund will be inform of a (Cash Check) and it will be issued to you along with your paid weekly allowance). You get paid $400 per assignment you carry out and the minimum you can do is 1 assignment per week. It's possible to take up to 3 assignments weekly if you have the time. And this survey goes on for at least 6 weeks.  n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n  ; 
In early 2020, a client who was interested in our products contacted our company. He started buying our products and says that he has a charitable organization and he gives our items to people who need them for free. This client signed a contract with our company as a wholesale buyer, signed a credit card authorization form, did everything so that we could trust him. After 2 months from the first purchase, our company began to receive requests  for a loan because the credit cards information  he used to pay were stolen. This customer bought  more than $ 58,000.00 worth of goods from us.  In this situation, our company lost money and a large number of products.
Received a letter with a claim number         regarding unemployment benefits. There is a family ID number of      . I have never filed for unemployment benefits. They are asking that I call them            .
Hi. I had applied through Indeed for a supposed job with Texas Instruments as a Temporary Data Entry Clerk working from home. I was contacted through my cell phone (text) by a Jason Boulanger for an interview. I was told I would speak with Darla Whitaker. My mistake was providing my information and assuming it was a legitimate offer of employment. I thought the interview itself was weird since it was through Skype Instant Message. The phone number I was texted from was 9722759508. The Skype name for  the Darla Whitaker,  is live:cid.a3b079103d18cdce. The weird thing is today I received a Cashier's Check from Fifth Third Bank via Fed-Ex Express First Overnight. I have not seen it as the envelope says it is s from St. Anthony Hospital on 2001 S. Main Ave. Chicago, IL. 60608. The phone number on the envelope is 9159961263.  But Darlaq  had mentioned this would be for the equipment costs. I had also mentioned today to  my Darla,  that I would not be accepting the job as I am currently employed. This person has not reached out to me.
Offered me a job about data entry. Told me to provide regular info like name, address, phone, and email. Told me I would get an Apple laptop and a check to purchase software to install and work. (2017) And that I will be referred to a vendor to make the purchase.
I opened a text saying it was from Whole Foods looking for supplies in my area. I clicked the link and filled out an application asking for my name, email, phone number, address, and current occupation.
I don't really completely understand the process (I am a fool), but quickly enough my bank was able to catch what was going on and let me know that I was being filmed. Here is what happened. I got an offer for a WFH job. The role seemed too good to be true, but this 'company' had a website, very professional emails, and were registered in the Wisconsin Department of Financial Institutions. They had me sign a bunch of official documents for employment and then told me to create a new bank account in order to tie it with a current account. When I asked why I needed a personal bank account attached if I was to help other clients, I was told that the use of personal information/account is required since the exchange platforms that I would be working with accept wire transfers only from personal accounts. That was the biggest red flag, but I thought that since I did not understand cryptocurrency that maybe I just was unfamiliar with the process. Other red flags were that I could not find this company on BBB.org, Linkedin, or any other platform for reviews. Also,  the website to indicate my employment wouldn't work properly, and I had to send him a lot of information via phone. Anyway, I went ahead and tried to open a new bank account, but the process was taking a long time. I called the bank to see what was taking so long for my new account to be opened. When I explained to them the urgency I had to start this job, they immediately understood the situation and let me know I was being watched.
A person named Rachel Wison reached out to me via instant email, asking to connect and introducing the company Lead Defender. The only thing I exchanged was my phone number. That's not an issue since we had also connected on LinkedIn at the time and my resume, which has my phone number on it, is public to anyone connected with me. I became suspicious of Lead Defender because of three things: 1) Rachel Wilson's profile picture looked out of place. 2) Lead Defender's LinkedIn profile seemed too "pick me" and unprofessional. There were a lot of random all-caps words. 3) Lead Defender's website was too simple and the picture of their people looked highly polished and out-of-place. Thus, I started looking into this more, and tried to searching the company. Nothing relating to an "automotive" business showed up. Then I reverse and search the 6 people connected to Lead Defender's Wikipedia page. I easily found half of the so called Lead Defender employees photos online with different names/faces. Below, I will list all 6 employees, their web pages, and include details for the photos I did find. Rachel Wilson: https://www.linkedin.com/in/rachel-wilson-4515a8206/ Her stock photo can be found on a variety of society websites and one bank website. Example links: https://robinsonsdental.co.uk/how-restoring-your-smile-can-restore-your-self-confidence/ https://fbsw.com/find-the-right-service/chloe/ Jessica Altman: https://www.linkedin.com/in/jessica-altman-aa26b2209/ Sarah Stevens: https://www.linkedin.com/in/sarah-stevens-0b0b53207/ Matt Grogan: https://www.linkedin.com/in/matt-grogan-ba37321b8/ Mark Spears: https://www.linkedin.com/in/megan-spears-3308391bb/ If you go to Sarah Pierce Photography: http://www.sarahpiercephotography.com/wp/, this person's profile picture uses the photo under "Modern Headshots". This photo can also be found on Pintrest, which is how I found it. Amber Online: https://www.linkedin.com/in/amber-sullivan-0329841bb/ Their picture was found on IMDB under Sophie Colquhoun, https://www.imdb.com/name/nm3948902/?ref =. mi nm If you look at her Official Photos, the photo used for Amber is found there.
They will ask question about who you are. They will ask you about your work history. They will sent you a credit check to deposit and purchase equipment.
I received a text asking me if I want to interview with a company called Target.  I said I wasn't interested.  They told me I would be making $35 an hour from home.  I had a feeling it was a trap.  I played along.  They asked me a few questions via text lens.  Then told me I was hired and they would give me a check for materials.  They also said they would be sending me a laptop.  I played along and a check arrived from a BNY Mellon bank in the amount of $3800. The shipping address was from Johnson Gas Appliance company out of Iowa and the address was to a storage unit.
On March 23 I got an email from Planaxis Orlando. It stated they were matched with my resume and wanted to go for a job interview the following day. I had the interview with the  late and,  Vanessa Gonzalez. I have never been aware that this type of work existed since I did the first interview. Made it in for my second round interview and honestly was a little spaced out because there were multiple people there for interviews but for a different company. The staff,managers, whatever you want to call them all work out of this small office on the fourth floor with multiple rooms. I continued because I'm looking for a decent job and unfortunately they are very good at the interview process. I ended up  just getting the job.  but I came home and looked up the other locations for possible sources and they were sacked for being a leak! They didn't ask for my information other than my resume. If I would have went in today for my  legal paperwork,  they would have gotten my ID and social. Stay away from.
Person said I had a job as Remote Administrative Assistant with CVS Health.  It is a work from home opportunity. They sent me a check in the mail for $2,951.98.  I was suppose to take $500 for my job pay and use the rest to get all the equipment that was needed for the job.  I deposited in my bank and hours later my  account was closed with no notice.  My bank said they would mail a letter.  I let Michelle Peluso know what happened, she called me to encourage me to cash check and to start work.  No on would cash check.  The check had Bank of America on it, so I took to bank and opened an account later to find out that the check bounced.  Every bank and check taking place said that the check was fake.  Michelle Peluso never responded back when I let her know what happened.  CVS customer service said they never heard of her.

I was contacted via email regarding an employment opportunity. Originally they sent me a video explaining that I would be receiving packages at home where I would inspect them to make sure there was no damage and that it was the correct items. The job was set to pay 2000 a month and every box I delivered would be an additional 40 dollars which would average to about 3800. I officially started working February 8th and was supposed to get my first class on the 8th of March. When that day came, I kept checking my bank account as I provided that information to them thinking it was legitimate. Once that day arrived, their PR department reached out to me letting me know that I would get paid around the 10th as it takes about 2 business days. As uneasy about it as I felt about it, I let her know that was fine. After that day, my father that kept all the information about my supposed parents and provided all information regarding packages was locked out. I called all "immediate neighbors," and they completely stopped answering my phone calls. I have been receiving mail for someone after that and I believe the person whose number was on one of the packages is involved in this scheme. I called thinking it was an innocent person who may have been a victim of having their card used and she went along with me pretending to be grateful that I am trying to send her packages to her and told me she would contact me soon. She never did, but anytime I contact her, she pushes it off or just texts that she isn't available to speak. That made me more suspicious of the person because I would think that this person would want to get their belongings. I have about 7-8 of her things but I no longer think it belongs to the person whose name is on the packages.
They texted me on that wanting me to be a brand ambassador made me pay $30 for whatever reason, and I would really appreciate my money back.
I was contacted by someone names Rena John with Progressive Insurance Company via text message. She said that she was protecting me from the recruitment team and received my resume on indeed.com. She then instructed me to download the app-app to conduct the interview. Once I was on the app the interview commenced, even though it was short. I found this strange so that hinted to me that this may be a dream. I answered the preliminary questions and received instructions that I would be sent a check in the mail to pay for the office equipment that I would need. I found this strange because the job description stated that I would need to supply my own equipment for this position. I also found it strange that the pay was $42.00 per hour which is way more than reasonable for the position they were seeking. After the interview was over, I was told to "log on" to WhatsApp on Monday morning for further instructions. I deleted the conversation and deleted the app.
I got a job offer from US Parcel Flow and thought it was legitimate being that it was off indeed. I thought you had to quality to be able to put your business on indeed and be legitimate. I visited their website and it looked like a high quality shipping agency and I soon realized after talking to my parents that there was something crazy about the whole idea. I talked to A apparent trainer and she started asking for information I already gave in the hiring process. it would be in a month and she said it was 20-30 packages a month i would be processing. That doesn't sound like legitimate work for the amount of money being offered so i looked into them and looked up the company and if they was on people and it went into how it was a common thing for people to pose as postal service agencies and steal information like your social number... I had no idea about this sort of thing and so i fell victim. Companies will send you packages and you will be reported to the cops for sending stolen goods and charged and arrested i'm sure as a fall guy or something like that. Im just glad i wrote "without prejudice" above my signature to their contract which protects me in a court of law.
The post contacted me via email about a warehouse coordinator position where I would receive, inspect and review packages using a company provided label. After I was called from two other jobs with this same description I told them that The  local FBI agent  was investigating this company as well as the others. In response they sent me their  own credibility issue  documents which looked like an LLC form which they copied and printed their name in. After a couple days they disabled my account. I filled out two forms as well as an employee agreement.
I was contacted via email in regards to a position for a supply chain operations manager. I was to receive packages, inspect them and ship them off using a company provided shipping label. I filled out two forms and an employee agreement. They offered me a promotion and had me sign it. They wanted me to open an account in my name (for their business) to process transactions. They sent me their company information for the business account. Since I didn't receive payment from a similar company I told them I was not comfortable with doing this and I was calling the FBI for investigation. Within 48 hours my account was disabled and my number was blocked. I never got paid.
I was contacted my email regarding a shipping Clerk position paying 2800 a month and $20 per package received. After my first 30 days I would get paid and my salary would increase to $3000 a month and $20 a package. They never paid me. They claimed they had issues with the direct deposit then on pay day my log in to my account was disabled and they stopped answering my phone calls. They had me fill out the forms and an employee agreement. There was the only point of contact.
I received an email from this company asking if I was interested in working for them. They accepted me.  It was a car wrap business.  They sent check for $1997.00.  I deposited it.  They were give back to them earnest money, $1597.00 in case the wrap got damaged.  They asked me to do it through you.  I asked if I could send a check but I ended up doing it through CashApp.   They scheduled me for the vehicle wrap and they were a no show.  When I contacted them, there was no answer.  The bank said I couldn't get the money back.
This was after I applied to a certified position on LinkedIn with him. I was just contacted by a claimed "stranger" and told to download wire secure mobile app. I have been met with the same email before for a different company
Saw ad on Facebook about making money doing customer surveys, I answered and was told they'd soon let me know if I qualified and I gave my name address and cell - number. A few days later I got a text telling me I qualified and will receive my first assignment shortly. On 4/12/21 I received a flat rate envelope via USPS, it had no return address. Enclosed was a check made out to me for $2450 and a sheet of typing paper entitled, "CUSTOMER SERVICE EVALUATION ASSIGNMENT, the letter than instructed me to deposit the check in my bank, then go to any store of my choice and purchase $2,000 worth of NIKE Gift cards in denominations of $100, 200  and  500 for a total of $2,000 and the balance of the $2450 is mine for'survey service commission payment of $400 and $50 as a running expense'. I am to make these purchases within 12-24 hours and if I do I will earn an extra $150. States the survey is to 'improve customer service on a Global level'. The letter also instructed me to say NO if I am asked by the Cashier/Attendant if I am evaluating their services because it will cover the whole purpose of the program. Then it forces me to scratch off the NIKE cards I purchased and send them screen shots of each one, front and back and directs me to keep the cards of purchased for 'forthcoming assignments'. Ok....so, being a retired analyst immediate red flags went up. So, I looked up the Company listed on the check because the letter only offered an email address, a phone number I am to TEXT ONLY to that I signed the check and my assignment and typed on the far bottom right of the letter ended with, Regards, Nathan William's. The Companys name listed on the check was Westchester Country Club, the address was weird as it gave the address number as 12250 but the street was all in lower case letters like: the club drive, and the city, state and d were Boynton Beach Florida 33437.... So I did some investigating on my own and found a Westchester County "Golf" Club, the checks address did not include the word 'golf in it. So I got the phone number to said golf club and called them as they were closed and asked if they were in any way apart of this survey business, no answer yet. I then called the number given in the letter telling me to TEXT ONLY...and low a second it didn't even ring...or lead me to a call, it was just the sound of being disconnected. I then ran the USPS Tracking number ( 9405 5112 0088 1886 7592 67)  on the First Rate Envelope this check and letter were sent with and found it was sent from Bangor Maine, not Boyton Beach Florida! The check I received from this survey company supposedly is a Wells Fargo check and I have the check information if needed. End result was I listened to my gut that this may be a trap and I did not deposit this check nor am I going to answer the text I received on my phone this morning asking me to press yes or no as to whether I signed it. Can you please look into this and let me know if my mother was right? This type of fraud just hits me because innocent people who desperately need work will be devastated if they end up dead. Thank you.
There is s literally three different names they're using for their company. The preliminary interview, which is a roll call, discusses you working for me. The first in-person interview then talks about multiple profit and non profit companies they work with, At and t being their biggest one apparently. The second interview is much longer and gives a task and compensation breakdown. During this time not once did he mention that they actually wanted me to sell At't door to door. It was only open-ended questions on their part and a very vague description of each position and estimate of weekly pay that the said position receives. Never saying that the weekly pay was solely commission based. After that I did another  video interview,  which was basically me waiting in the office  until the guy came back in and said I got the job. I didn't find out what the actual job was until my first official day when I was signing paperwork and reading the electronic agreements handed to me by the front desk lady that I saw what the job really was.
They got my social security card picture, picture of drivers license and picture of me holding license in front of me with my face included, picture of last one from 2018. They are sending in advance a check, i just got this tracking number, I'm to deposit, wait for it to clear and I'm to take my pay out of it and use the other money to pay bonds, bills and otherrs. The job is to pick up mail and calls from PO or DC, and do what instructed to. I applied for personal assistant job through Krecklo Associates, which advertised the job on Facebook Marketplace under employment, the original contact name was Susan Christensen, shes on tour, says she lives in Anaheim, CA, then was handed over to World Vision, a Inc, her name is Gayle Hawkins, all contact from then til now is on the Signal App. Which is all private space. I just noticed also on that App, today Gale Hawkins took off the company name of "World Vision"... now this is getting real scary for me, i gave all my personal info. to these people and I'm wondering what to do now, I TRULY THINK I WAS JUST ME, AM I TO GO AHEAD WITH MY INSTRUCTIONS ONCE I GET THIS CHECK,, SOMEONE ADVISE ME, IM LOST AND JUST LOCKED MY CREDIT INFO WITH IT AND HAVE IT OUT TO ALL CREDITORS.
I applied for a job on indeed. I received a text from Brittany stating I was wanted for an interview and to download the app Telegram and add Leo Grady to my contacts. Then I was told to send him a message on Telegram stating that I was calling him regarding an interview. After several questions he stated that I had the job and was sending me a check to then buy merchandise to use for the job. He sent me a long list of things to purchase from "the" vendor. I was handed a check overnight for $4900 and when I received it, he told me rather than deposit it, take it to ATM and put the money in so that I could use it right away to purchase the items from the vendor. The check was from a company called Atherton Road Sales and Service Inc out of Houghton MI with the bank name Huntington Bank. The first envelope was from a company called AAM Casting at 6332 W State St, W, from Johnny Portal. Since Zeel indicates on their website they are in New Jersey, I asked "he" why he was in one place and the check was from another company and the money from another, he simply stated that the check was issued from the check was issued from the company payment card. I told him that I could NOT simply put the check in through the ATM as I didn't want to do anything stupid. So, I deposited it and they placed a hold on it waiting for funds. He still asked me to check in with him daily to state if the money were in my account yet. This morning, my account indicated it was a routine check. I texted him stating this and his answer was "It can be". All three companies indicated have their own website so I'm not sure if they've made all of them up or if these are just companies that they are using their info. I did not see any info online regarding this case and thought it best to report this immediately. I have a copy of the check and the red envelope if you need to contact me for more information. This did of course sound like a plan from the beginning but I played along just in case. I hate for others to believe it though and lose money.
A woman (Marry Johnson) claiming to be the Sales Manager of London contacted me via text message about employment. She then referred me to contact another person (Bryan Wenzel) via Twitter who claimed he is the online hiring manager for the same company. I chose that app specifically when she gave me several choices because I suspected it was a trap and I also know legitimate companies don't operate via email. Bryan Wenzel said they are trying to establish the company in the U.S. and are hiring work from home candidates to further that goal. The company already has offices in Palo Alto. He said he would send a digital check to me for the purchase of necessary equipment. I expressed concern about the use of a check and it not clearing. He said it would clear because it's drawn on a legitimate business so I had nothing to worry about.. The conversation was terminated by him when I said I don't use a bank app. He specifically stated the check would be in digital format, sent to my email and he wanted it added to my bank via mobile deposit.
I posted my resume online for work at home jobs. Found a job as a construction sphere for Extraymasl. Andrea Rivas is the new owner. She said she has 40 clients. I filled out a job application. I did a blink. The job was to collect data, publish ads on line, escorting customers' payment and making sure their transactions are safely received, and make various assignments. My commission is $3000 a month. Task one was real estate in Marion, Ohio, and I submitted it. On Saturday I received what I thought was my commission check. But she said it was for her client who is in Seville, Spain. The check came in priority mail from the post office, return address in Los Angeles, CA. The man didn't have instructions,  I rec'd the check $1984.09, commission and salary are here and I would get a bonus. she replied yesterday that w/in 48 hours if I donot send the deposit to my check, w/explicit instructions on receiving the check. She said I would be paid twice a month, and I was to pay my own taxes. In one of the emails she said to show my loyalty to them I was to respond with payment with 24 hours. She was so eager for me to send a deposit slip. She said the money would be returned and go back to the client's account. I told her I thought this was my place. I took the check to H and R Block, they said it was good. " I took it 2 different places because I don't have a bank account. I have it at FoodMart in Marion, OH. I have two sets of twins, I really needed the money and a way to work from home. I didn't know the check wasn't any good. The emails have become more robotic, and now when I ask them what I'm supposed to do, they don't answer.

received a new Job Offer from 786-386-5185 from person claiming to be Janelle Beyerlein from Veloxis Pharmaceuticals claiming to have received my email on Career Builder Told me to sign up on Telegram or what's up app for interview with a Steven Beckett at Steven Beckett@gmail.com Emailed : At people who told me it is a shame Companies this big have domain names and email addresses not email accounts!!!!
A person named Ashley Coreas  contacted me about a new design position and asked me to add Daniel Bay  on Telegram. Asked 13 questions all at once and asked me to answer them in Telegram through text. After 20 minutes of getting my answers they told me I was hired and asked me to sign a poorly constructed contract with numerous firms. I asked to meet through them and they declined. Upon seeing a previous case report on BBB I am now sure this was a trap.

Got several incoming emails from a company offering me a job, WITH NO INTERVIEW, in a field where I don't have experience.  Pay was good.  Links to website and a state business model were included and the company is, in fact, incorporated.  The print form was sent in Word format!!!  The other documents had strange and/or incorrect grammar.  The company address seems fake -- it's a shopping center but no suite is given even though that's how it should be.
I was contacted by the "PR" department of the company, ESC Technology in regard to a resume that I had posted on CareerBuilder. The opening was for a project manager and their claim was that their company dealt in the design of heavy machinery for international projects. This is similar to the work that I do now so I was initially not suspicious. The first email from me came from an official email address matching the company name and had relevant contact information. The company's website was functional and professional but not particularly sharp. The new email requested a time to set up a phone call, which I provided. The phone call interview was short but contained relevant questions and seemed reasonably professional. This was followed by contact from a person claiming to be the Regional Special Projects Manager, Christopher Tuley, working out of Boston, MA. From there I was offered an employment contract that stated that after a one-month continuous period of training I would be offered a full-time, remote position. I read the contract and submitted my signature but no other personal information to begin what I thought was the training period. The training period would consist of 10 learning modules spread out over the one-month period with gradual increase in intensity. The first week went normally with me getting five different sets of answers related to the five learning modules that I was assigned. Each day, after turning in the previously assigned module, Christopher would then assign me the next session while also engaging in idle, profession, chatting. The modules would consist of four-to-five pages of information related to different topics that were stated to be relevant to the proposed position. In this case, mostly related to international trade and basic supply chain management. There would be a set of ten questions to be answered after the case was reviewed. The material was generally well-written and professional with some minor issues that would typically denote that the content had been translated from another language but seldom were any of the problems outside what would usually seem strange. During the second week of training during one of the days after I had turned in the previous day's module Christopher approached the subject of a special project that I could undertake for the company while still during training. He stated that they were leading a team of senior company members to a nearby city and needed assistance purchasing and installing office equipment, computers, and other accessories. Due to the company being located outside of the country and not having set up US-based purchasing cards yet, in order to assist with the project I would need to use my credit card and they would wire me the needed funds. I was immediately skeptical of this proposed project and I stated that I would not be able to  participate under the guidelines system where I was required to use my own credit card. Christopher said he understood and would get back to me with any alternate means. When I next tried to contact Christopher to submit my completed module for the day I did not receive any response or confirmation of reception of my email. That was on a Thursday and when I tried to contact him on the next day I also received no response. I gave it the weekend to see if perhaps he was waiting to contact me until the next module was to be assigned but when I tried to contact him on Monday his email address no longer existed. I tried to contact the same person, Sonya Ford, who I had initially been contacted by, but that email was no longer active either. The phone numbers provided by both of them no longer worked and the company website was gone. After some investigating I discovered that this most closely matched the description of a Office Set-Up scheme where a party looks to gain access to your bank account or credit card through the idea of it being a special project for you, the new employee. I am sure that this new Technology handle will not be used in the future but hopefully my experience can be of some use.
This page acts as if you are running for a position in the company (PC World) through Whats App. When you are offered the position they will inform you that a package of the company's material is on the way to you after receiving your address. They may even ask you to use your own money to purchases their materials. When the package arrives it will be no material only a check that they ask you to deposit into your bank account. Nothing about this process is legal. Here the email they use: Frontdesk01 Your information is retrieved off of a career website: Career Builder.
Some want you to fill out an application, and they do ask for your banking information.  Be careful, this company is on www. Indeed.com.
I received a text message from +15055216870. He said his name was Christopher Barry and he was from Genstar Capital, and had seen my resume. Then I was given an interview number to text interview with him on the wiremail app. I shared photos of my ID and Social security card. Then I was told to provide a 6 digit number provided by ID.me. When I received a text providing me with the code, it told me not to share. Only I didn't share it. I don't what would have happened. I'm still not happy that I shared all of my info and was stupid enough to fall for it. I don't know what would have happened.
Received an email that I was the most qualified for a particular position at a company called Pacylex Pharma out of Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. I went online to check if there was such a company and read the info. It seemed real, and perhaps it is, but the others are using it. Next, They asked me to set up a Skype interview, which I did and then went through the interview. They then said that I fit their criteria and offered me the position for Assistant Administrative Manager. They sent another email with the letter of offer and I signed and sent it back. I then was told that they would send me a check to purchase the necessary office equipment as I would be working remotely initially. They sent the check via FedEx Next day. I received the package and opened it. Everything was wrong. Check ($4500) was issued from Geary County in Kansas. The driver's name and company address had nothing to do with Pacylex or Canada. The letter along with the check indicated that I should deposit the check using my mobile app. All Red Flags to me so I called the local police and they said they had similar cars, but not with that name.
6475 Eco Coast Highway #708 Long Beach, CA 90803 is the address listed on their email. The email is a text sent to an old email address that I haven't used in years due to it being one taken from a security compromise at two years ago. The only way for someone to have acquired it would be on an illegal list as are sold by dealers. (unless they have had it for many years and just now decided to contact me, a decade after I retired!) Their link goes to a "search engine" where you fill in the job title and your address at a website entitled: https://careerdaily.com/. It then leads to another website when you search for employment: https://www.virtualvocations.com/. That is when you find that you need to "come" to their service to actually see the details of the job.
I was contacted by  Paul andt  via LinkedIn.  I was told Mr. Sandifer Hatch would like to speak to me via telephone.  I interviewed by phone and then contacted him a day later via LinkedIn (the phone numbers I was given did not work).  Eventually he told me I was the candidate he chose.  He told me  that andt  would send me an employment agreement and I needed to sign it and he will call me back.  The employment agreement was nothing more than an insignificant letter and nothing on it made sense.  I eventually called him back and he was angry I did not sign the agreement and send back.  He then went on to tell me he would like me to shadow him that Friday and Saturday.  He needed me to sign and send back an I-9, my direct deposit information immediately.  I was skeptical and he got angry and said I must not be the person for the job.  He then told me I needed to send him funds through Apple Pay and noted that Apple Pay would display  no FRAUD.  but that was a thing with Apple Pay and to Facebook and it will work.  He asked for $34.76, $60, $30, $231.81 and $60.  These needed to be done immediately so he could file my I-9, keys to office, keys to his car and keys to his and's house, etc.  After the payments he sent me a more in depth work agreement that he needed signed and sent back before 12pm the next day.  The second contract was more ridiculous than the first.  At seven the next morning , and had  sent me an email stating the contract should be signed before noon.  I wrote back that I needed to have an attorney look at it.  I then received a message from his lawyer stating the job was no longer available to me because I caused too many problems.  I wrote back that I wanted my money back and received no reply.  After paying him the night before I was then aware this was a trap.  He also set up an email address for me and asked for a password.  I have many pages of documentation.
A friend       from ENVASES group company, apparently reviewed my Indeed application for a role. Told me the times where they wanted to conduct an interview via Telegram. They do a good job of hanging fruit by telling you its a remote position at      $ per hour. They also want you to contact their hiring manager through Telegram, whose name is Lisa Henderson at            . Apparently she is a Director of Human Resources and provides you with a protection code.
I was contacted by an individual named Iliana Ilieva.  I be assumed she got my information from Indeed but I can't be sure.  She requested an interview via phone  however, this interview was non-verbal.   She than said "Congratulations you got the job.  Please get on time by 8 a.m. sharp tomorrow".   I got on line the next morning and she sent me a bank check for $1,380.10 via email.   I was told to take a snap shot and do a quick deposit to my bank (Chase).   I immediately started to suspect him once I saw the check.  The font was very generic and too similar.  The bank name Commerce was not the Commerce Bank logo on the check.  There was a line in the check.  After completing the deposit she said "Congratulations you have completed your first accounting task.  We will talk again tomorrow at 8 a.m.".  Then I received a fake offer letter from a company called GSI and an employment document to verify my identity and citizenship.  Chase put the check on hold.  This woman then asked me to go purchase a gift card out of my own money to purchase supplies for the company since the check was on hold.  I called Chase and they informed me that they claimed it as urgent.
Using ads to target postgrad individuals seeking employment in marketing and advertisement. Website looks very nice and legitimate but once you start working there you are introduced to a toxic environment where management is expecting charities to put money back into their own pocket in a pyramid scheme type manor. They're selling child suicide to raise funds to pay for the  group founders' brand new tractor (truck) and other toys. Terrible company with even worse results and no regards to employees or the foundations they  do support. 
I was invited to work for a call center from home by dunton-consulting.com was told I will be paid every week on Monday I work for this company for   $When I work for two weeks not receiving a payment I've contacted the manager multiple times and was given fake dates on when I was supposed to receive my payment she has now stop answering my text and phone calls
Possibly human trafficking, virtual assistant job posting. Asked for banking information to cover costs of  the equipment but  no credentials were presented or even a video call all through them. Original posting on Facebook, home base
Odyssey Group Apr 8, 2021, 7:35 AM Dear Applicant, Your resume published online has been reviewed and you have made it to the NEXT STEP for the job opening. Your resume was shortlisted for an online interview with the Compliance Officer Mr. Jatin Haryani The name of the Company is Odyssey Capital Group. The position available is Administrative Assistant and this is strictly an online and work from home job, you can as well work from anywhere of your choice or anytime that does suit you. You can choose to work during Morning, Afternoon and even during Evening...The rate is $35 per hour. Primary Duties: Your Primary duties include: Preparation of Balance sheets (Mini), account balancing, financial recording, proper data analysis of sales records and recording pay slips into accounting database all these will be done through the use of the Accounting Software. Secondary duties: Now, your secondary daily duties would be to report to your Supervisor, who would be attached to you online, He/She would assign logs of duty daily and you would be required to work according to instructions, using the Microsoft Office tools and the Accounting software. Now the function of the Accounting software is to arrange, organize and manage the data you have processed, sent to your supervisor via E-mail. To participate, set up a new account (skype.com) and add him to your buddy list (jatinharyani@odyssey-capitalgroup.com) You are to  message him for the Job Interview on phone through that phone or set up a mobile account (mail.google.com) with Google Mail (https://hangouts.google.com) on your PC or Mobile Phone and add him to your buddy list (jh.odysseycapitalgroup057@gmail.com) You are to message him for the Job Interview on the account through that portal. He will be online waiting for you guys to conduct the interview. Your identification code is here, this would serve as your identification number throughout the online hiring process. This is from the chat that I did have with him: As soon as the check for your materials has been issued out to you i will contact you and provide you with the tracking number so you can keep track of it and know when it gets to you. Also your working materials has to come along with the company's official logo on it and The software vendor will be responsible for installing the software updates and patches. They will also need to perform manual data analysis and secure the data to meet specific standards.. You will be provided with the means of purchasing the Software programs as stated earlier. You will receive a check for the purchase of your working materials, the company's accounting team will issue the check and will have it sent to the address you have just provided through FedEx or USPS so I suppose the name you provided to me is the same on your bank info? Getting the check will be a task assigned to you by the accounting team. The check is needed to be deposited for clearance as is not designed for instant cash out. As soon as the check delivers, you are required to have it deposited in to your bank account and after deposit, the funds will be credited and available in your account for cash out immediately or  the next day morning. Alright, thank you and i hope you will be a good source to the company in joining us, you would become part of a multi-cultural team in an international business spanning research through to commercial. You would also be part of a growing organisation which offers the opportunity to work across functions, among different cultures and business styles: some of our greatest successes have come out of the collaborations and relationships that we have been able to build. I believe that will be all for today. Once again Congratulations!, You are to report back online here on about 8:am your time Monday morning for updates on the last check and how to get started with work... Okay? I had to check and see if this was a.  it's really hard to look for jobs online... and it takes so much time doing research..
This company (Lonza Group) called me, then texted me about some employment opportunity.  Unfortunately I was (stupid) and desperate enough to believe them. I gave them my personal information and I almost bought a bunch of nonsense equipment. It seemed legitimate because I looked up company on Google.  Unfortunately it was not.
I was recruited via email for a remote job shipping packages that I assume contained stolen products to random addresses. I was asked to sign a contract and provide my social security number for a W-2 and was told I would be paid $2700 after my initial probation period (30 days). I completed a phone interview via a local (local) phone number and was requested to begin work immediately. I reported the quality and photos of the products daily and worked 9am to 5pm and at the end of the training period I received no payment. I tried to contact my supervisor, the editor, and help but was never able to reach anyone and the website had disappeared. I left my real job because all of the orientation seemed legitimate and professional and have now been unemployed for 5 months, unable to find a legitimate remote job.
This number texted Stating for a job opportunity to wrap your car advertising Purell Hand Sanitizer. Don't fall for it. It is a town.

Thought it was a decent job running a credit check. Filled a form through a form and thought my sensitive information was protected. 2 days later, credit report was ran on my 'ème site.
There was an email sent to me by MGM RESORTS for a promotion to promote MGM resort. There were suppose to come out on April 9 2021 to provide a rubber to put on my vehicle, they were going to put it on and then come back after 3 months to remove the vinyl that would be put on my vehicle. They also would provide me with a payment of $400.00 weekly but they sent a monthly check.
I received a text message stating they reviewed my resume on indeed and that they would like to interview me. I had to download an app called Telegram Messenger to contact the "Director of Human Resources" her name was Lisa Henderson and he handle for the app is @Hrlisahenderson. also in the text message they gave me a security code to give to Lisa. In my messages she never asked for it. While using the app to talk to this "real" person she said she was the one. Talent Acquisition Leader at ENVASES group company. That right there was flag #1, She has 2 titles that are completely different jobs? she proceeded to tell me the pay is $30.50 a day and its work from home. after her asking simple non trivial questions i was told I would be receiving a HP laptop and a W-4. Along with a check to purchase some clothes. This is flag #2/3, $30.50 for work from home and later she changed it to $34 and that I would drive my W-4 at the same time as a laptop? The next flag was her asking for my ID or SSN. I told her i would be happy to provide this to someone in person but over the phone. She then said okay and asked for my name, address, cell#, and email. Flag #5 was how she said I was to pay for the software. from a "trusted bank" that only accepts Cash App, Zelle, or Zenmo and I was to keep $100 for myself as a signing bonus. after this i was told to be ready the next morning at 8am. I was asked to write an article, while i did so she sent me a email with a check for $2,359.16 from a company that ive never heard of and not the one she claimed to have worked for. This was obviously a fake check. I asked why isit it from anyone and she wrote its from a private company and then I asked why her email was a real address and not from anyone. She has stopped crying. THIS IS A!!!! DO NOT GIVE OUT YOUR INFO TO THESE PEOPLE!!!
Contacted me via text and said there was a job with an excellent pay and to use Skype and have an interview but only using the next feature. Said I could have weekly daily or bi weekly pay. Wanted to know job history then eased way into asking personal account information.
This so called company advertised through Indeed an employment position that I was interested in applying for in the Scottsdale, MS area as I am planning to relocate there in the near future.  The application process was completed on line and really didn't raise any red flags.  I received an email stating my application had been received, then a little later in the day, another email stating how I needed to proceed with a on line interview process, which given the times and the social setting didn't really concern me. Questions asked were pretty routine for any interview until they asked how I would like to be paid and what bank did I use.  I provided a name of a bank  however not mine and within minutes, received a reply that I was hired.  I quickly sent a replay back stating I was not accepting until they could send me additional information (through the USPS) regarding the company, salary and benefits they offered.  I also indicated I was going to do some research through the firm to ensure they were a new company.  I have had no further contact with anyone.
I received a text message from the number 3253990641 on April 3rd about a job interview with the company manager. I was told to contact Nancy Cox who is now with the company to set up an interview through their messenger.I looked up the company and it seemed lost. I contacted Nancy Cox and we went back and forth via the messenger app with the job interview. After sending in a video interview and answering basic interview questions, I was hired immediately. After researching the company some more, things did not add up with what they were saying about the jobs. Red flags were raised after I received an email with a check to deposit into my account, which I did not do. So I called back to told them im not interested and I haven't heard from any of these people. The offer letter seemed like but I felt that something wasn't right. All communications have stopped.
I am classified as a minority in my field and partially unemployed due to it.  I received an email on Facebook from a website, gloriacarter@empowerrecuiter.com,  requesting a resume in a format I never heard of before, "All - Compatible", with an offer to submit to their client.  When I searched to learn about the resume format, it is for an automated tracking system inside a security firm.  I decided to reach out to the company to learn more.  Perhaps there was an error in the email?  I went to the website and found that there was no phone number available for the company.  I follow the address to find that it is a Medical Complex with doctors offices. I decided to look for them on the web to find no information and I was relegated to the BBB page for researching them. https://www.bbb.org/new-york-city/scam-job-offers/ I looked the name up using https://lookup.icann.org/ to find that the domain not found.  I replied to the email requesting assistance with the resume process. I received a reply on Twitter from gloriacarter@empowerrecuiter.com, "Hello, The role is aligned with your experience. Unfortunately, your resume is not as per the standard and scores less than 50 on our Candidate Management System (CMS) as a result, you will be automatically excluded from the shortlisted candidates. In order to move forward, I need your PC-compatible resumes for the initial process. You may contact http://resumes-master.com/ for A Compatible Resume. For reasons of confidential and non-disclosure, I am not able to share any detail of the position or company with you at this time, unfortunately. I will check my schedule and let you know a few time slots for a brief phone call after the initial process. Regards, Gloria Carter Senior Hiring Manager"  At this point, I assumed this was a trap because of no phone, no email address, no record in court, no official website and all other contract firms take either photo or word form and don't readily submit you to a client without a screening.  This looks like an attempt to fraud money from people who are desperate and unfamiliar with standard hiring practices.
I was contacted via text on March 16, 2021 by a man who texted "This is Mr. Tom from ziprecruiter. I hope a position of personal assistant available for you" I replied I am currently employed right now. He replied "You can work along with your current job".  I waited a day and replied back to get more information regarding the position and asked if it was remote work. His text reply "this is online work from home and you can get the task done via your device, laptop and your phone as long as you have the access at your home is that understood?" I asked about how many hours a week is projected? He replied, "The pay is $1500 for 25 to 30 hours weekly." I asked about benefits. He replied, "Benefits: Health, Dental, Life and AD and D Insurance, Employee Plans and 401K plans. Paid time off and holidays with generous company visits. I was on the fence if this was a real opportunity, but he had all my contact information. I asked him to email me the job details and he told me what my email address was and asked if I wanted him to send the information to that one.  Long story short he sent the job description with no company name which is normal sometimes for a person to do. Then he asked me how close I lived to a post office or united states postal service. Then started back asking qualification questions like how fast do I type, work ethics, and accountability. Then he states I am a a perfect fit for the job. Then he asked me to send a photo of my ID. I did. Then I asked him the name of the company. He replied, "A Solution". Then he proceeded to tell me my address and asked if the I was still living there. I said no and gave my new address because I had just recently moved. Then I started getting more suspicious because he asked me the name of my bank. I told him then he asked "how long have I been banking there?" I replied, "WHY?" He said, "To be sure on the rate of the amount you can receive with your bank" Then I replied, "I will just start off getting a check in for my service" Then he asked me for my "Name on account, Account number, and routing number" I declined to give him that information. Then he said once you receive mail check from company client, you will have to take a clear picture of it before you proceed with deposit of record, is that understood? I asked him to call me and he did to my surprise. And then he went back to telling me regarding the shipping of my first assignment. And then the conversation ended. He contacted me again on March 22, 2021 and said "You are starting your duties as instructed by next coming week..." I replied so there is no interview with the actual company I will be working for? He replied, "This is an online work from home, after proper review on your resume, the company is well ok with you, just follow the instructions as instructed when it's time to proceed. He contacted me again on March 27, 2021 and texted, "Did you got any update via me today?" I replied, NO. He contacted me today on April 7, 2021 complaining on the delay of the package due to Covid-19 issues etc. "You will be receive a check of $3,850 in 2 check on deposit." I replied, I'm no longer interested. Please stop sending me messages. I believe this is a trap and have contacted local authorities" He did not reply.
Pedro Morelo contacted me wanting to hire me after I applied to his Indeed about a Administrative position and then he was wanting to know my bank name only wanted to know. I wanted direct deposit then stated I would receive a check in the mail to buy office equipment to start up which I did ask why he stated it was going to be mine after working for them for some time he kept asking for my address and phone number which is all On my resume
That letter came in mail. is included.

I was contacted through an email telling me I was qualified to be hired for a job that was work from home packing packages and re-shipping them. after inspection and filling a report, I would be paid a base monthly payment of $2000 and an extra $40 per package shipped. I had a phone interview after which I was told I was hired. They sent me a new work contract...ALL of this looks legitimate. I received 4 more emails asking for personal information. Before sending them anything I contacted him and was informed it was a trap.

The company called Odyssey Capital Group, claims to be world wide and wanted to start a branch in Minnesota.  They did a strange interview with me through Google accounts.  They sent me a check even thought I didn't fill out paperwork confirming that I was hired by them. They sent the check in order for me to purchase a laptop, printer, and software for their company.  They wanted me to deposit the check into my personal bank account and send proof that it was deposited. I contacted the police when I saw the check and they informed me to destroy the check and block the email, account, and phone number.  Now I'm informing you to let others know.
I received a text message from an individual named James Harrison about a job opportunity. He stated he found my application on Crelate, which is an actual recruiting website. He told me to get hold of an individual names Russ Harris via a Telegraphing system, which I thought was weird but I did it anyway. I got hold of Russ via telegraph and app and I stated I could set up an interview next week. He proceeded to do the interview via the email app, answering my request for a video interview. This was on Friday, he told me his team would like at my answers and I was to contact him by taking my time. Once I contacted him, he stated I had the job. He started to brief me on the job, how to get the equipment, etc. The agreement stated, I would receive the check, deposit it into my account, I would then have to contact the vendor they use and order my own supplies. Once I received all my equipment, I would then meet my new supervisor (no name was given  stated he did not know who it was just yet because of my location) and he would have the new hire paperwork to sign. The home equipment  consisted of laptop, printer, copy machine, printer, phone, software, this is all before I even signed official new hire paperwork. I agreed, he stated the check would be made over night and I was to contact him the next day at seven to check in to see if I received the check or not. I stated I had not and that the tracking information he provided notified me the check would not arrive until 1200. By this time, I felt extremely off, uneasy even. I looked him and the company up on Linkedin. He has one, the company is great but it was weird to me that he was trusting me with company funds before I signed paperwork. By this time, he was begging me to go check to see if the check arrived yet. By then, I was really skeptical of this, why was he pushing so much for me to get the check into the bank. I asked him if he could send me a copy of the official new hire paperwork on company terms via email and he refused. He started to make me feel guilty for questioning him. I told him I didn't feel comfortable putting company funds into my bank account without an official company statement sent to me. He didn't do that, he continue to make me feel guilty. Once I told him I was no longer accepting the job, he told me how much time and effort he put into talking with me via the dating app. He told me to send the check and he DELETED all of our conversation over the email app instantly. Be careful! Just because someone is real doesn't mean someone else isn't using their identity to save people.
I received a group text stating there was a job position open for a Payroll Personal Assistance needed part time making $1400.00 a month. Sent me a link form.jotform.com. I then got other texts just from this person stating his name was Steve Mathew and when I would like to start, and asked how I wanted to get paid, if I wanted money order, western union, bank, etc. It was also stated I would be rewarded for any money I spent for getting supplies from Amazon. I thought things seemed a little funny, so I took it upon myself to look online and through Better Business Bureau to see if this was a real thing, which was not. I did not give any of my information away cause I have been called before. I don't have the messages anymore because I automatically deleted and blocked the number. The phone number that texted me though is (205) 767-7512.
Mr. Starks used the Name of Auto Supply, how to hire an employee, who was supposed to purchase goods and ship them to him, he established communications with such individual through emails, produced a fake employment offer, and signed as  the Personal supervisor out  of the Supply, he offer the employee a high salary and a credit card to carry out his duties. The individual hired an attorney to collect from Abco Supply his salary (8,400 monthly as salary and bonus). Mr. Orlando Cobo, general manager of Abco Supply found out about this when he received a letter from a MIami attorney, claiming salaries and compensation. Mr. Cobo immediately realized that his was a Company identity theft, he contacted an attorney and file a police report 21-00-1782, and provide evidence through our accountant that Abco Supply has never hired any employees, also a report was file with the Coral Gables Police department. We supposed that the same individual made a complain to us. He apparently wrote a letter to Abco Supply which was never received, the company went from A status to F.
Business claims to recruit individuals for Board of Director positions with its  main clients only, requires an up front payment of $100.00 to review prospective applicant's resumes, states it will contact applicant within two business days after resume status  is evaluated, but takes the fee first, then fails to contact applicant or respond to requests from applicant.
So, I applied late 2 nights ago, around 11 pm. EST. I then received an email the next day stating that I have been selected to move forward with an interview with their hiring manager. I needed to download an app called Facebook and that would give me communication with this company. I then had an hour and a half interview asking me all relevant questions for my job. Everything seemed great until I heard that the pay was 40.00 an hour. I was shocked. I looked up the US average salary and it was 40,000 for a data entry clerk. After that, I saw the contract and there was nothing missing. It even said I can terminate whenever. I signed it and was ready to report today. I next day (today) I had a weird feeling about this company. First off, they wanted me to communicate through the app still, after employment, instead of professionally, like through email or through Zoom. I then called the phone number on the website and that checked out. After that I started looking through the websites and it turns out, the links are all on a loop. If this company was legal, they would have social media, digital forums, or just a website for employee compensation/promotions. I then decided to get out of this employment. Be warned!! They highly encourage you to give them your banking expertise. Always going for check just to be sure.

I was hired for a contract position through Indeed for a remote package supplier.  My duties were to accept packages from said business, purchase them, and send them to UPS or FedEx to be re-shipped.  They asked for a copy of my license and my bank information for employment purposes.  All my personal information was uploaded into their "Control Center database".  I would receive detailed information on packages that were being sent to me to be prepared.  After looking up and comparing the outgoing recipients, it was concluded that this "company" was committing credit card fraud and mail fraud.
Big scheme job opportunity. Presented itself in a different way. Here is the email I received, a red flag to me was when they kept asking me on my decision and if I would accept.  They kept calling me and meeting me in the same day looking for a response, and I haven't had a moment to look at all the information. We are delighted to grant this offer of employment for Purchasing Agent position with Merchandise World. Base on your submitted Resume details(see your submitted earlier Resume copy attached), and their situation, we are ready to make a Job Offer with no interview process, but with a 2 weeks trial( testing) and training period. Training is a free and you will be paid a base 2 weeks salary as well. Enclosed to this email account, will describe the employment conditions and terms. The beginning 2 weeks are going similar for all new employees: the part-time and full time. You may choose the Employment Type (Full-time or Part-time or Commission only) after the trial 2 weeks period. Employment with the Company is permanent W2 employment for no specific period. You will be required to perform all duties to the best of your ability at all times, follow all reasonable and proper directions given to you by the employer. Your estimated start date will be April 12th, 2021 (or earlier optional). It is, currently, a work from home( or remote) position which will start from an office in 1-2 months, or you can continue keep working as a work from home employee permanently. Please make sure you read and understand the following contents to this email: -. attachment with your name: Official Job Offer letter - type attachment "Exhibit 1 - Job Official Duties" -. attachment "Company's History" -. attachment "Personal Form" To accept this Offer of employment please return/email back a complete Job Form with your acceptance. You can fill the electronic copy or, print the form, fill it by your hand and send it back as a scanned and attachment. Signature is not required. By accepting this letter of offer, you acknowledge and agree that you will not use or destroy confidential information relating to the business of the employer. Remuneration. You will be paid a Base Salary every two weeks, plus additional $ cash bonus(look the new attachment "Exhibit 1 - Job Official Duties" for more details). Your position is listed in a Job Offer Letter and it is still available. Trial and Training. A trial period will apply for the first 2 weeks of your employment. Beginning 2 weeks period is going with no actual hours and schedule, it is a similar process for Full-time and Part-time positions with a flexible communication. Terms and conditions of employment. Unless provisions that are more generous are provided in this letter or the attached beginning process, the terms and conditions of your employment will be those discussed with your Supervisor (please see the contact info from a Job Offer File). To check the company's Legitimacy and discover more about us, please visit our web site or use the following information: Florida State Business Entity Database : http://search.sunbiz.org/Inquiry/CorporationSearch/ByName Entity Name: MERCHANDISE WORLD - Web Number: 82-3614613 If you have any questions or require further information, please don't hesitate to contact me. Regards, by Angela Bell, +1 (786) 329-5499 MERCHANDISE WORLD http://www.merchndw.com +1 (305) 515-8221
An Asian lady asked me to review her products free of charge with ease. I could not imagine her location. I texted a friend and when she called the message out i deleted it from my messages.
I answered a help wanted post on Facebook for a personal assistant for a lady that supposedly worked for a coffee company.  They had me get check paper from them and print it at home.  Then they wanted me to place the check in my checking account and send them a copy of my deposit slip.
The person poses as a computer and gains access to information. Posting jobs on indeed.com. And acts as if she is attempting to give you an assignment, then keeps pushing start date back. Gained access to social security card and driver's license. It has been two weeks, she says that you are approved to work but never starts you.
This company called me initially about my resume on Indeed, the person calling was named Jessica Scott. She briefly interviewed me and told me about how this company is growing into my state. Not long after, I received a Pre-Employment Agreement with a promise of $2600 or $5400 depending on the training test scores. I was excited about this, and there were no red flags at all, so I signed with an agreement of compensation. I was assigned a training manager, Adam Zimmermann, that was very nice and creative. He informed me that after I passed the training period, I would be invited to stay in New York for a week to be further interviewed to see where I would best fit in the company.  At this time, I was training to be a Project Manager. Mr. Zimmermann told me that even though this job may "seem to good to be true," it was not because of the work that would be required to put in.  He was right, because I spent everyday for weeks studying the material in order to pass the weekly test "with flying colors," as my training manager would say. On 3/2, I received the final test that covered all the material from the past 4 weeks and ended with a self-evaluation. Though the test was not due until the 9th, I sent my completed test in by the 4th. However, I had not heard from Mr. Zimmermann since 3/2 at this time. I waited until the 11th to reach out with no response. I called Mr. Zimmerman again on the 15th with again no response, then the 23rd, 28th, and last, the 31st. I also called the number given to me on 3/15 and 3/26. I spoke with my lawyer, and he informed me that there was not much that we could do outside of reporting this case to him.

On Wednesday March 31 I searched on LinkedIn for jobs. I found a posting that said it was from him  and  Just publishing for a year and submitted my resume via LinkedIn. In less than an hour, I received a text message from a caller named Stephanie Loh who said she is a temporary secretary for an  and .. Her phone number is 772-241-7976. She said she was responding to my LinkedIn application and would like to schedule an interview. After I replied ok, she directed me to use WhatsApp to contact my representative John Mayle at the number +1 601-301-4408. I did and he proceeded to interview me via WhatsApp text messages for about an hour and a half. One of the questions asked for the name of my banks so that they could check if it is compatible with their account. They asked for my name, address, email and phone number. He directed me to check in the following morning at 8am for interview results, which I did. He said I was approved and an employment letter would be made to me. When the letter arrived I immediately saw that it was full of spelling and grammar errors and little information. I knew then this is a trap. The letter says I would be expected to pay for the brand new MacBook the company would be sending me for work materials out of funds they would provide. However, his interview comments the day before were that the equipment would be free along with its software. I then looked up employment terms and found that this is a common practice.
I applied for this job along with many viavers so I assumed it was a legitimate position. A reporter from the "company" reached out to me about setting up and interview. I didn't hear back for a few days and when they reached out, the start time for the interview was rushed and scheduled through Google Hangouts. I though this was a bit odd but assumed maybe it was due to him and everything being different these days. I answered a multitude of questions and was told I would be contacted if I was approved and ready to be hired. There was a lengthy short PDF sent to me about the job duties, training, start date, and hourly wage. The hourly wage was insane. $43/hour from a remote customer service, who they "interviewed" solely though typed responses from me on Google accounts. I reached out about accepting the position and once I was asked for my SSC and ID copy I told them I wasn't comfortable and that I believed this to be a dream. The response from this man seemed angry and his response was that I would be "charged" if I went through with posting anything about the job or if I went forward with reporting this. Citigroup is a legitimate and very good company from what I know. The teams use their actual logo. I think they should be aware that this is happening. Side note: the grammar and pronunciation was not at all professional which also raised concern. I understand language barrier but when added all together this didn't seem right.
I applied for a position online through indeed.com for a Call Center Rep., on 03/29/21.   I received a email from Pedro Morelo, at notifications-1581@app.bambooh,com in the email he instructed me to setup a social account and add support for marvee@laminioncare.com.  Then on the morning of Thursday, I received a chat from Marvee on my computer which was a online interview.  They said they would send a laptop to my address I gave them which is my new address and send a check so I can go and purchase items that I will need to perform the job.  They did ask if I wanted my check direct deposited and I said yes but never gave my banking information as I explained my bank is in Oklahoma City.  They said they are going to send a computer and the W-2 form for me to fill out.  After I ended the call I called the company and was not able to locate it, so I called the Better Business Bureau. She asked my full name, address phone number.  She is sending papers for the W2 form
The singer contacted me through our phone and said "I would like to write to you that we are sorry about our unusual approach if this interview conducting this is interesting to you if you are new to all this, but I believe the world is always advancing so it is important to stay on top of things as change is inevitable. They asked for my information which my resume already has that information. I was not providing anything new. But, I was definitely not giving my social security number for sure.
The name of the person calling me was Ruth Fields. We communicated through email and she had me fill out some employment information to send back to her (nothing big, just name, phone number, stuff like that). After I received back the paperwork filled out, it took a day for them to contact me back. I received an email saying her assistant would call me for an over the phone interview. Later that day I received the phone call where the assistant explained the job to me and asked me around 5 yes or no questions. I asked the assistant if there would be a face-to-face or a live interview with Ruth Fields, she said that she did not know, but for me to email Ruth that I completed the over the phone interview. Later that day Ruth called me saying I would start my training tomorrow at 9 am. Ruth asked me to download Telegram so that we could communicate. At 9 am I asked Ruth if we would be having a face-to-face interview or if we would come. She responded no because they have not opened an office 'in my area.' Throughout the time I spoke to Ruth she continued to say that they would open an office 'in my area' the second half of 2018 rather then stating the name of the city I am located in. I then told Ruth that I wanted to talk to someone in customer service, but when I called the number on their website, a robot would ask for an extension. I asked Ruth if there was an extension that I could call to  talk to someone. Ruth then deleted our messages on Telegram and stopped communicating with me. The website they have has no contact information to speak with an actual person, they don't appear to have any social media presence (weird for a company that says they've been around for 13 years), and no employee or customer reviews (again, weird for an 'established company'). I personally did not lose anything because they stopped all communication, but I wanted to give anyone in contact with Ferstey Logistic Services a heads up.
Richard Bale called from Zipwire saying he viewed my resume and wanted to do a phone interview. Mine was used, and a Human Resources Officer named Jeremiah Murray asked a few questions, and told me I got the job. Bernice Johnson sent me an offer letter, using her personal email account. Mr Murray said I will need to purchase software to be able to do the job, and that I would receive a check, along with employment information. He wanted to know if I used USAA Bank for direct deposit. I asked for there company email accounts, and have not heard back.
Received a text about being a secret shop for the company and in a few days I would receive an envelope in the mail with a money order and instructions on what company I was doing secret shop on. Received a money order for $1000.00 and was to buy a $800 OneVanilla GC and then scratch back panel off and take pictures and send to them. Thank goodness I did not cash the money order or buy the gift cards.
A man left a message in my ear telling me to go a his website and start making up to $500.00 per day by doing nothing.
Man real      don run t      with this company they          the       Rimi lied made it sound so good everything was just right he do ll no man anybody out there stay away from them anything they send you keep that      that you s how we win keep everything they send it you s not far they get overs and people got families to feed kids to be looking after
I received a priority mail envelope with a fake letter and a fake check. I immediately knew it was fake because it looks fake. It seems that they have made several copies of the check and letter. They just don you t look right.
Posing as private equity broker having to fill positions for a confidential client, NDA required for any additional information. Requests resume and responds that it need to be converted to an "Application Tracking System compatible" format. Refers to a company at https://cmsresumes.com to convert against a fee. Not sure if this is only a claim for the fee amount or a broader attempt to secure credit card information of both.


I was contacted by an Aaron who sent a group chat to myself and about 10 other people in a mass group chat about a job offer for a Senior Clerk Assistant. At first he didn't say exactly who he was at first in the text he then sent a link for the job for those of us who replied yes to his text message. It contained a website link for a individual to fill out for the same job it asked for our age, sex, current occupation, and email and good contact number to be reached at. Andre Aaron then sent me a text message to confirm that i was who i said i was and then he told me the materials that i needed to purchase via text message then he proceeded to repeatedly ask about if i ordered the materials. My response to him was that i wasn't ordering any of the materials until i had solid employment documentation saying or as proof that i had officially been hired by the company he still never directly stated the company's name or any benefits or anything like that. When i received the email from Andre Aaron it contained the application which states a company Called GFI GROUP OF COMPANY. I clicked on the website link within the application to see if it was a fake or not and also to try and contact a real person however the office was closed and i did leave a message to find out if this person Andre Aaron is a real or not or if this company is even hiring anybody for a work from home job. Also i have all screen shots of all communications with Andre Aaron because he also requested me to email him the request for the ordered materials and he had me download a contact application called WhatsApp because he stated that was a better way to communicate with each other. Then he then proceeded to mention banking and using its currency to pay clients, and also he asked me for full access to my personal banking account and stated it so the company can monitor the clients' money getting sent and distributed however i did not respond to him or give him any access to any of my banking information because to me that was a super huge flag after he asked me about whether or not if i lived alone and who i live with specifically. Also now that i purchased the materials i realize that some of the items that i might not be able to use for regular in house use may or may not be handed back to me. All total the materials cost me $118 which includes the cost of shipping and handling and sales taxes.
I was texted by a "Dr - type Friend" via text message offering an Administrative Assistant job at ENVASES. I was directed to contact "ex - Davids" via Telegram app. His phone was 3856661093. His personal message was @humanresourcedesk. Once contacted, interview questions were asked, starting with a form asking for employment, DOB, birthplace, school, major, address, etc. Also was asked for a short video. A second list of questions was asked which ended asking for my bank name. After a few minutes, I was asked to provide any form of ID or SSN, as well as a search of my face, under the name of a remote job.
I applied to a job listing on Twitter.  The link took me to a job offer at Apple in Cleveland, Ohio.  I got an email from Jing Gao at workingdesk607@gmail.com saying I was a match for the job and told me to download the entire app and contact Mrs. Sharon Shaw.  The user name on file was sharonshaw026 and the email address provided was sharonshaw026@gmail.com.  I contacted her through the app and she started testing me, she wanted to know basic information and had me answer some questions about why I was qualified and what I wanted paid.  She said to stand by for 10-15 minutes while she talked to her Superior.  She then offered me the job and asked if I wanted Direct Deposit or check and how often to get paid.  She said she was going to send me a check to buy the software needed to do the job and then I was supposed to deposit the check and email her a copy of the deposit slip.  I got an offer of employment made to me from Richard Wall from officedesk043@gmail.com.
I received a text message stating my resume came up on Indeed and to message @workwithIvan001 on their app. I was hired by him and followed up with the company to ensure it was legitimate. The company does exist but the phone number goes to a personal company that is not set up and the email attached to the website gets sent back saying the email is full and inactive. I asked Ivan for a number to call to verify and he did not respond. I told him I did not feel comfort sharing any further identifying information until I hear back from someone at the company. He no longer responded to any messages.
The person had posted a job posting on Steve Jobs saying they needed a personal assistant and you would make $650 weekly for posting for them on the marketplace. So obviously I applied and they contacted me to post a two bedroom/two bath house for rent in Colorado, I live in Texas and the account for the person states they stay in Arizona. So how she has rental property in Colorado does not make sense. So I posted the ad like she said but my gut feeling was telling me something was off. So I started searching and searching and finally decided to message all the people calling me interested in the property 'hey I'm pretty sure this is a way to get money out of you, I'm really sorry, don't send this person any money." and I deleted the rental posting off page. I asked for proof they were an actual seller and landlord for the property and was told that "my proof is when you get paid" but no method of payments have been received so far.
I applied for a Mystery Theater job I found through a job posting and applied through the website on-siteshopper.com.  Several weeks later, I received a USPS 2 day priority envelope with letter with American Express Logo on it to Mystery Shop for American Express cards due to losing business at locations (like CVS, Sears etc.). The envelope had a check for $2390.73 from McCoy Federal.  It said to email dillon@on-siteshopper.com when I received the envelope.  I smiled and asked what company this was for. You called back saying the company is On-Site and to please see the website and perform the mystery shop, then respond and follow the directions per the letter. I went to my bank on March 2, 2021 and used the check to get the money for the American Express gift cards. I followed the directions on the letter and on March 3, 2021 went to Noblesville Walmart to buy 2 $500 American Express gift cards and $45 of personal items and 2 $500 American Express gift cards at Hotel Mall.  The next day, I sent the detailed shopping experience to dillon@on-siteshopper.com.  I checked my bank online, on March 4th and they said they were holding the check and took out $2390 from my checking account!!. I called and they said the hold would go off in 48 hours, that something might be wrong with the check. I then went on American Express' website to check card balance and ALL 4 cards had a balance of $0, saying all four $500 gift cards were registered in New York City, NY.  I called my bank again on 3/6 to see if I could do anything to get the $ back, he gave me BBB phone number to report the loss. On 3/6, I received an overnight gift envelope from Dillon Patton and check to do another mystery shop for more American Express gift cards.  I sent an email to dillon@on-siteshopper.com for Immediate Attention and to send me a lawyer's check within 48 hours or I will settle for taking $2000 of my money. " also sent to me in USPS envelope. I am an educated person with an MBA and cannot believe I got hooked into this and $2000 was stolen from me.  I really hope you can catch this con-artist.  I just can't imagine how many thousands, on up of dollars he received from innocent people like me.    American Express' name and gift cards are being scanned and they should be made aware of this was going on as well!    I have all the other documentation for this case, but I'm only able to find 1 document! I am happy to talk with someone and provide all the correspondence to this situation/sic!!
I received a text message from a Mr. David Mark saying he was a doctor with Nemaura Medical and he had found my resume on Careerbuilder.  He referred me to a Mr. David Scott for a short pre-interview via chat only, no video.  I was asked a series of 10 basic interview questions.  One of the questions asked me for just the name of my bank to be sure it was one they could do direct deposit to. I was told to be online to work at 7am the next morning.  The next day I was told that I had been accepted to the position and that I would be receiving a check to purchase the work equipment through their official IBM site.  This is all out of order and I told him I would wait for the official letter of acceptance.  He asked for my email address.  I gave him my PO box only.  I just received an email with 3 names.  One a generic looking offer of employment that anyone could have created using company info gathered from their website, the second one was a welcome letter, also generic.  The other was a job application asking for more information about me.  It seems a little late to be applying and accepting at the same time.  I told them in the phone chat that I was reporting them to the FBI.  Let's see if I still get a check in the mail.  They string out the process and provide bits of company information that make it sound legitimate.  These are truly horrible people that should put their skills to use in real jobs.
Said they came across my resume and offered me a job for a warehouse coordinator. Monthly pay of 2000 with extra bonus up to making 3800 a month. Its packages shipped to me from people or companies and then for me to ship off to other people or companies. Got a whole and set up and everything. But seen red flag when an item came to me with someone else name above my address with a made up email that included my last/first name, along with a random phone number. Contacted them and they acted like they didnot know about it and claimed they would do an investigation. Havenot heard anything else about it but desperately wants me to send the other package out and.... This job is a rip off and im taking the right measures to cover my end
She contacted me via text message with the following: Hello, I am (deleted name) from Schneider Electric company. Your resume was reviewed on the WorkinTexas system and your background and experience qualify you for the Admin/Data Entry position at the firm. Reply if interested to schedule an interview. I responded that I am interested and gave times to schedule an interview. I received a message the next day saying to add the interview manager via some account for a meeting and interview session or to schedule right away with (deleted name). After doing so, instead of scheduling an interview, she sent a series of questions through local pages for me to answer saying the interview should take no more than 30 minutes. She started by giving me background information to the company and laying out the responsibilities. Then typed out the following questions to answer:..Answer the following below: 1) Are you currently employed? 2) Are you seeking a part time or full time job? 3) Why do you feel you can do Data entry? 4) How would you describe your work ethics? 5) What is your current typing speed? 6) On a scale of 1 to 10, how would you rate your use of Ms Excel? 7) Do you prefer to work on your own or as part of a team? 8 ) Describe a situation when the work was heavy, how were you able to complete it before the deadline that was given to you? 9) What milestone have you accomplished in your whole career that was remarkable and you would love to share? 10) What are your strengths and weaknesses and how does it affect your job performance? 11) Give 5 reasons why you feel you should be hired to work for us. Note -The answers you provide will be reviewed by one of our own personnel The protection and security of the personal data that you may return to us during this employment process are of great importance to us. That is why we are committed to protecting your privacy and processing your data in the most confidential way. Afterwards, she told me to send my resume and references directly to her and I would hear back the next morning at 8am. The next day I received a letter of employment and a non-disclosure agreement and was told to add another person to those and that would be my supervisor who would give instructions on how to send the forms back should I accept. After following the supervisor's instructions, he gave me an assignment to complete in 2 hours. He said the training would take a week and at the end of the week I would be meeting with someone locally to fill out the rest of my W2 paperwork. But before we could proceed with the rest of training, they would send a package out to me with the software I needed to do my job. In order to put the software on it, I needed to pay $800 in extra costs to place the software on the computer, but I would be damned. I declined and said I didn't have the funds, then came and reported to him. Here is the following translation of that particular text:..Prior to the next assessment, A Macbook will be handed out to you today for the rest of training. The Laptop will contain all the necessary video cameras and company Data which will be used for training. However, You are required to make a purchase of $800 via Zelle to install the software and timer on it. Here are the names of the software programs: Peachtree Complete Accounting Software, MarkS for Windows Accounting Software, MYOB Business Essentials Accounting Software and QuickBooks Pro Accounting Software. I will be training you on how to navigate the following programs and software above. Note - The $800 will be returned once the check is delivered. I believe you can handle that today?
I was contacted via email by an IT Representative claiming to be from Temenos Software Company and it stated they were impressed by my resume and wanted to set up an interview for an on-line work from home position for $35 hourly. It said to contact the hiring manager via whats app or email to proceed with an interview. I should have realized it then as the first red flag. I contacted him on whats app and then he gave me a description of the job and started asking me interview type questions and told me to meet him back on what is s app at 8am and he will have an answer about whether I am hired. He told me I was hired and that he was sending me a laptop and a check to purchase a specific software. He asked for my full name, address and phone number and said he would be sending me a w-4 and to meet him again on what's app at 8am the next morning to go over more information. That as s when I started to think something seemed off and went back to the original email and noticed that it said the company name but was actually from a home address not a company address.
I applied for a job data entry clerk on indeed. com the hourly pay was 19.00, to enter data for Laminion Home Care. I received an email from Pedro inviting me to contact cynthia@laminioncare.com through Google Books for an interview. I downloaded the application and added cynthia@laminioncare.com. We started a conversation and then the interview started. She started asking questions that had nothing to do with the job, she gave me a description of what my job would be, ask how I wanted to be paid weekly or weekly and then said I could pick how I wanted to be trained either on the phone or in person. When I started to ask questions she became irritated and at that point I discontinued the interview told her I felt uncomfortable and immediately deleted the application from my phone.
I signed up to be a secret spy at some point and was sent the info in the mail. All o this looked so real! I am devastated ad don't have the money that the bank wants me to pay back.
A PPC (pay per click) website which has 3 types of messages (SILVER / GOLD / PLATINUM). New members are provided a free Silver membership. You get 10 or 11 ads everyday in your account and get $0.01 per ad you click which would sum up to $0.10 or $0.11 everyday. You can withdraw your money under this free membership (Silver) only when your total amount reaches $ 50. To upgrade to the PAID membership schemes like GOLD or PLATINUM one needs to pay a monthly membership fee, Rs. for GOLD it is $ 20 per month. So after 6 months of constantly clicking ads everyday and reaching a balance of $20.6 in my account I asked for an upgrade to GOLD by reaching my balance of $20.6. At first they refused to acknowledge my upgrade request, then my text emails to customer support were not replied and then after debating the issue, I get a reply "GOLD membership are currently not available", BUT if I paid the $20 membership fee required per month I would be given the GOLD membership. SO IN OTHER WORDS MY CLICKING ADS FOR 6 MONTHS AND ACCUMULATING A BALANCE OF $20.6 WAS A gift.

Contacted me about my resume, "very impressed", exact situation as everyone else here. Although I was able to research them in time before actually having any transaction done, glad I missed a bullet. Thank you past victims, I hope you find it.
So this started on March 7, 2021. I received an email from EPCC that says that I could become a personal assistant. I signed up for it and the next day I started receiving texts from Mr. Paul Lucas. He said that he received my inquiry regarding the offer in EPCC as a personal assistant. Then he listed the duties I had to do which is why I thought this was real. Then he continued on saying that I could get paid $300 weekly or $700 bi-weekly and that I will be receiving money (and check) inclusive of payment for my service through my bank channel so that I can start before he arrives.  He says that my money will be handled by a financial officer by check and asked what bank I use. That was the first suspicion that I had. Then he asked for my email address so the financial officer can send out the checks. Finally, he says that I will be getting the check-in a week. A week came by and I didn't get the "rain check" so I texted him saying I didn't get it on March 12, 2021. He told me when he will inform me when it comes out. on March 19, 2021, he texts me I can start by buying blank checks and told me I had to get over 100 USPS priority mail boxes. So I do that and he texted me the next day asking for my cash app information. On March 22. 2021, I started my "job". He then sends me his email shoeimport44@gmail.com and tells me that I have to print out checks and mail them out the same day. Every time I tried to mail them out the scan bar at the top would not scan but the bottom one can if the mail people use a manual scan. He also started to tell me to go to different post offices every other day. Then he tells me that he will message me on another business line. So I started doing the job then again I mentioned the "bank check" and he said that he will keep me updated tomorrow as soon as he hears from his financial officer. Then this week I didn't feel right doing all of these things and it seemed silly because again he wanted my cash app information so I asked what company he works for this morning of March 31, 2021, and he never replied back. He usually replies at least an hour or two after I texted him so that's when I cut him off. I said that I will not be working for him anymore or sending out any more checks. The funny thing is that he still hasn't replied back to me after 5 hours. I feel bad for the people I sent checks to because now I know it was all a game. In the images below you will see how the checks and labels are and some messages that were deleted.
They contacted me in regards to a job offer for a position I never applied for.  They handed me a check to purchase equipment such as a computer and printer.  The purchase was to be done through Venmo, Zelle or Apple Pay.  All conversation was done through text or email.  Email was a personal email account.
This sent to my messenger SURVEY EVALUATION Hello there...! INACROSS RESEARCH Inc is looking for outstanding representatives to help evaluate customer service in retail stores (Kroger, Apple, Best-Buy, 7-11, CVS, Walgreen and Sears etc), then share your feedback through our Survey Forms. You get rewarded $500 per successfully completed assignment.(Two assignments weekly ) Its a part-time job and it wouldn't disturb your current job. No fees is required from you to participate in these assignments and programmes You must be above 21 years If you wish to register with us kindly fill the form below 1. Full Name: 2. Street Address: 3. State,City,2: 4. Gender,Age: 5. Phone's: Thank you for assisting in our services. We will contact you immediately as your application has been received. 2017, THES Recruitment Plan - M.S.P.A Inc. 2020   Required FULL NAME ( FIRST NAME / LAST NAME )   FULL ADDRESS CITY STATE IN CODE CELL PHONE   EMAIL ADDRESS   OCCUPATION / AGE Comments Never submits through Google Forms. This content is neither created nor endorsed by Google. Report Abuse - Terms of Service - Privacy Policy Work Forms

Hi, This entity keeps calling and telling me about job interviews but I did not apply for any jobs with their  new business card.
I was offered a job offer by a company under the company name of Galenica AG. The job offer was for the Data Entry Clerk position that pays $25/hour and was a work at home job. The company was planning to build offices in my area which I would be transferred to once completed. I first was texted by Michael Haller (phone: +1 845-237-4957) and then given a link for an interview via voice message. The Skype account is under the name of John Rendell (Skype profile: live:.cid.7773823adb3eaf1d). After the text only interview, I was to sign and send back a contract of employment to Zaira Weddell at galenicacareers@gmail.com. After I sent back the contract, John Rendell gave me details about how I was to deposit a check from the company for office supplies that would be handed to me. He also said that IT experts would visit my house every 3 months to check on my equipment until I was transferred to an office. After I asked a few more questions, he gave me the name of the "special office supply vendor" as Declan Camden (email: decofficesupply@gmail.com). He was also unable to provide me with the business plan or a reason why there was no mention of Galenica's expansion into the US on their website. After I researched all of this information and found no results, it was apparent that this was a trap. I terminated my contract and ended the chat.
So I was searching for a job on Indeed website. And a job that looked promising for 1,000 a week as a whole so I took it little to my knowledge it was a loan and the person told me to take a check they had sent me to the bank and deposit it. Then they asked me to go to another bank account. Now me being from Oakland I thinking this is a Job if a lifetime I can pay my bills and be set. No they further the of me to get a cash check for 5000 and then go to Bank of America in Atlanta. And deposit it in to some random account number that they sent me.  That it was for the rental car fees and had. And told me the rest of the money I had was for a suit and tie in black and a blue tie. Further note they said they would have someone contact me on behalf of the rental cat process and get back to me with the paperwork. And details that I would be driving for 5 months from Oakland to La. they said I would have to pick them up from the airport and drop them off and there Apartment they are staying at for the time being.
I don't think this company is real. They had a job post on LinkedIn and I applied for it. Jennifer Enriquez contacted me through LinkedIn magazine to say they wanted to interview me. The only means of information they offered was through Skype messages. The communication was very unclear.  The "director" of Superb Technologies "Tom Fred" is whom I have been speaking with. He hasn't asked for personal info--just my resume (which they should already have since it's what I used to apply for the job) and asking me general interview questions. A quick Google image search showed that his photo is the same photo that is associated with Daniel Schimmel (MD at Northwestern Medicine in Chicago). While I have tried to ask for a specific time to interview (they wanted me to be on and on time), they wouldn't give me any answers. They would dance around the question and are unclear. It doesn't sound like either of those two people (Jennifer and Tom) are real. The language sounds like a robot or someone using an online translator. The screen shot below is an example of the quality of his messages on screen. Please email me to see messages I received on LinkedIn and the rest of the messages on Skype.
Because of this company's terrible job. It seems like every "big step". Do a internet search on these types of jobs. These types of cops usually ship stolen merchandise to your house and then have you return it. You can be held personally responsible for the crime. Plus you never get paid.
I received a phone call indicating that  and  He wanted to hire me administrative assistant position. I didn't apply for a position at P and G, and what job is someone without an interview for a role that I'm sure hundreds would have applied to. She said she got my info from Monster.com, but I didn't use Monster.com during my job search. During the call she asked for my date of birth and middle name and gave me very little information about the potential position. I hung up. When I called back, on several occasions, I did not get an answer. My friend called from her phone and we learned they are claiming to represent P and G through Info Tree Global, however, the position is not listed on the info tree website. P and G does not list an active position listing for the position that was described to me.
See Initially had someone contact me through text and had me send in a code to have an interview with a person by the name of Dan Schaefer on Google Earth. He asked me interview questions and told me that I met the qualifications. Then told me he would contact me on a Saturday morning for the welcome package. By that time I figured out it was a deal, he kept trying to contact me to take the offer and send me a check in the mail.
This company sounds like a typical social scheme to target young job workers desperate for jobs during this bad economy. The company is mostly from India and they are supposedly located in Brazil and Portugal too and their newest place is in Portland, OR and they claim that they want to expand their business into the US. I found a Business Development job posting online. I researched their company and they had no ratings about their products and no Glassdoor ratings and it was very hard to find their US address. Their job position is commission only, which means they would use that as an excuse to make you free labor and they could probably not pay you or they probably would end up sending a fake check. I had a Google Meet interview with then (a guy from Brazil) and it was "too easy". The guy told me I stood out since I was the only candidate who could access Google Meet faster than other people and said my experience was similar to what they are looking for. Next day, I interviewed with the president who was from Brazil as well. Both of them did not even show their faces on World Meet, which is kind of creepy. They offered me the job too easily and they made me download an app called "Signal" when there are tons of smart apps like WhatsApp. The purpose of this company is to provide automated cybersecurity to companies and to supposedly help companies save money on a security specialist. I would not use their products, because their products could be ways to attack your computer and steal it. I would not work for them before I get myself in trouble for selling a bad product to people and I would not use their products as a consumer, because I don't want to get my computers infected.
They offered me a work from home Remote Administrative Assistant position then handed me a full check
Also offer as quality control assistant. They have their own web portal and provide me the phone number. At first the phone number went through till I get the first packages to be ship then all of sudden that phone number no longer work. They also made you sign a contract and have a website. Make it seem right.
a person claiming he is David Back who works as a buyer for Ceva Logistics got hold of my application for a job which I have applied for using Indeed. On the 8th of March 2021 I was asked to contact David Back through WhatsApp to conduct an interview through the App which I did and it took about 45 minutes, he used lots of professional maneuvers to steer me in his direction while I was thinking I am seriously talking to the real David Back who works there. Asked me about my name, address phone number and name of Banks I deal with. I gave all the info but no account numbers and no social security was given. I also gave him my e mail address. He agreed to pay me 87K a year plus benefits then started asking about whether I can deposit checks via mobility. I stopped, started wondering, opened one only to find out that the real David Back at real CEVA is advising all network people to watch for the show. When I opened the internet search for David, saw a whole lots of people being raised just like me. I sent the real David Back all the info for him to report to the company security department. But please from your side you need to look into it as well.
So I was lied to by an acquaintance  about WFG(world financial group) insurance company. He told me I would just have to work 5 hours/week without selling anything and can make a good amount around 3 thousand but that's not the case.I did some research after they got my money and realized that I can only make money if I sell the product to someone and help them hire new recruits  and  Also wouldn't be able to make that type of money until you have a life insurance license. They didn't say anything about that before getting my information, I don't want to be any part of this and would like the amount of 100 I've tried telling the company already.
The site asked me if I'm interested on the job offer. R is the company's name. I was a little bit hesitant so I researched the company name on Google. I saw the site and looks pretty new to me, even have reviews of their customers so I accepted the job. We moved on signing the documents etc. I started when I shipped my first package. I have to take a picture of the items that I got and ship it. I ship packages only here in the United States not internationally. I researched more because I'm paranoid and need to make sure, I found out about the online case. I read the information and what they do to their victims. The only thing that doesn't match is I don't ship packages internationally, like other victims said. Also, Postal Lines haven't contacted me on my recent ship to this package. I don't know if this company is real or a dream. I carefully read the documents, doesn't have any technical errors or spelling errors that a man would have. Please help.
Doesnot give out the address or phone number only the email address. That i can earn up to $500-1,200. Or more each day. All i need is an address they pay me.comment was made i need to activate my account not get started Copy and paste use a device access web I have receive so many email from this person. I haven'tit it yet. I'm really don you t know what not do. As soon as that it i will be earnings so types of money
This company contacted me by email and asked if I wanted to work from home. I did so I replied letting them know I was interested. I went to the website to see if this company was okay. From what I saw on their website it seemed to be so I didnot think anything further. Then after a day or so they contacted me once again with an offer of employment. I was to have packages take pictures then post on the site that was provided to me. Wait for a label. Then take it to the shipping company that was on the label. 2000.00 dollars a month plus extra if I comply with the rules they had in place. I did. But I was delivering packages they had no knowledge of. And when I would tell the person the apparent supervisor, (The name sounded suspicious considering that is a name of a song.) depending on the package was depending on how she dealt with it. Some packages went out again while others just lingered. But when I would discuss with her about the packages left over I never got any real feed back just,"You will be receiving new packages just wait for the labels". Nothing more. So I did. Then there is a section where you can see when you are going to get paid for this. So I was expecting to be paid on the date. Well that date came and went. And when I spoke to her about it she told me to wait for the new packages and labels. That was March 17 the day after I was supposed to be at its March 28 and I never received any payment nor calls, emails, or text messages from her since.

This has previously been reported as a  fact.  Please take action on this matter.
I responded to an ad on Google for this company looking for people to help a moving truck. Over our text message conversation they had agreed to me and my father to help them where the wage was 15 per hour with a minimum of 4 hours paid per person. After job was complete they only paid one of us and said the other wasnot supposed to help but the text messages I have clearly says they owed both of us. Now the owner Josh refuses to answer my call
The job interview was conducted through The App. They provided the job description along with details stating that I would begin the job the next day but haven't been properly contacted through me to start the hiring process. They ask for a photo and my full name, email, address and cell. Which I provided and have since deleted from the app. I fear that they will use that little information to create a fake ID or access some of my financial history. I've attached a print screen of the discussion to cash the check.
Received a 4 claim papers for Texas workforce commission unemployment insurance claims with the claim dates all for the month of March and March/12/2022. I am currently still employed with 28 years and 9 months of service.
My son is sick and needs a dog to replace his current service dog who is ill, aging and needs to retire soon. Molly Barber and Peter Johnson. Home of Fun showed in Frise and Bichon/London mix for sale. We spoke in length. She sent pictures and video to me for my son. I paid her $500 through Cashapp. She later stopped all contact with me. My son didn't receive his dog. I filled a police report. I would love to see her caught and convicted of her crimes. This is such a cruel act on a rich individual who was already hurting from finding out his service dog of nearly 10 years is ill. Please care of her.
Money the cryptocurrency law.  https://www.fbi.gov/scams-and-safety/common-scams-and-crimes/money-mules
here is what the new age says, clearly they are trying to get gift cards About Us. Urban Survey and Marketing Sales  Group is a direct Researching Group and Sales firm built in New York. We are currently seeking to employ individual's throughout America for the position of Research Analysts/Market Research Analyst. Grange Survey and Marketing The  Group Ltd  is currently in contract with few stores and accepting applications for qualified individuals for Best Buy, Target, Target And eBay shopping survey. You will be paid for gathering specific information about products and services. Your job will be to evaluate and comment on customer service, etc, in a wide variety of shops, stores, restaurants and services in your area. You'll be paid to shop and hang out, getting free meals, free merchandise, free services, free entertainment, fun work, flexible schedule. It's fun, really and you choose when and where you want to shop. You are never allowed to accept an assignment. There is no charge to become or take a survey and you don't need previous experience, After you sign up, you will have access to training materials via e-mail, SMS or postal mail.  p   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n  n  THE ASSIGNMENT AND COMPENSATION: For the sake of this particular assignment, you'll be paid an amount of $400 to evaluate a money transfer service at any of the stores. NOTE: We will provide the money and you'll be sent to carry out this assignment as you are not obliged to spend a penny out of your The fund will be inform of a (Cash Check) and it will be issued to you along with your paid weekly allowance). You get paid $400 per assignment you carry out and the minimum you can do is 1 assignment per week. It's possible to take up to 3 assignments weekly if you have the time. And this survey goes on for at least 6 weeks.  n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n   n  ; 
In early 2020, a client who was interested in our products contacted our company. He started buying our products and says that he has a charitable organization and he gives our items to people who need them for free. This client signed a contract with our company as a wholesale buyer, signed a credit card authorization form, did everything so that we could trust him. After 2 months from the first purchase, our company began to receive requests  for a loan because the credit cards information  he used to pay were stolen. This customer bought  more than $ 58,000.00 worth of goods from us.  In this situation, our company lost money and a large number of products.
Received a letter with a claim number         regarding unemployment benefits. There is a family ID number of      . I have never filed for unemployment benefits. They are asking that I call them            .
Hi. I had applied through Indeed for a supposed job with Texas Instruments as a Temporary Data Entry Clerk working from home. I was contacted through my cell phone (text) by a Jason Boulanger for an interview. I was told I would speak with Darla Whitaker. My mistake was providing my information and assuming it was a legitimate offer of employment. I thought the interview itself was weird since it was through Skype Instant Message. The phone number I was texted from was 9722759508. The Skype name for  the Darla Whitaker,  is live:cid.a3b079103d18cdce. The weird thing is today I received a Cashier's Check from Fifth Third Bank via Fed-Ex Express First Overnight. I have not seen it as the envelope says it is s from St. Anthony Hospital on 2001 S. Main Ave. Chicago, IL. 60608. The phone number on the envelope is 9159961263.  But Darlaq  had mentioned this would be for the equipment costs. I had also mentioned today to  my Darla,  that I would not be accepting the job as I am currently employed. This person has not reached out to me.
Offered me a job about data entry. Told me to provide regular info like name, address, phone, and email. Told me I would get an Apple laptop and a check to purchase software to install and work. (2017) And that I will be referred to a vendor to make the purchase.
I opened a text saying it was from Whole Foods looking for supplies in my area. I clicked the link and filled out an application asking for my name, email, phone number, address, and current occupation.
I don't really completely understand the process (I am a fool), but quickly enough my bank was able to catch what was going on and let me know that I was being filmed. Here is what happened. I got an offer for a WFH job. The role seemed too good to be true, but this 'company' had a website, very professional emails, and were registered in the Wisconsin Department of Financial Institutions. They had me sign a bunch of official documents for employment and then told me to create a new bank account in order to tie it with a current account. When I asked why I needed a personal bank account attached if I was to help other clients, I was told that the use of personal information/account is required since the exchange platforms that I would be working with accept wire transfers only from personal accounts. That was the biggest red flag, but I thought that since I did not understand cryptocurrency that maybe I just was unfamiliar with the process. Other red flags were that I could not find this company on BBB.org, Linkedin, or any other platform for reviews. Also,  the website to indicate my employment wouldn't work properly, and I had to send him a lot of information via phone. Anyway, I went ahead and tried to open a new bank account, but the process was taking a long time. I called the bank to see what was taking so long for my new account to be opened. When I explained to them the urgency I had to start this job, they immediately understood the situation and let me know I was being watched.
A person named Rachel Wison reached out to me via instant email, asking to connect and introducing the company Lead Defender. The only thing I exchanged was my phone number. That's not an issue since we had also connected on LinkedIn at the time and my resume, which has my phone number on it, is public to anyone connected with me. I became suspicious of Lead Defender because of three things: 1) Rachel Wilson's profile picture looked out of place. 2) Lead Defender's LinkedIn profile seemed too "pick me" and unprofessional. There were a lot of random all-caps words. 3) Lead Defender's website was too simple and the picture of their people looked highly polished and out-of-place. Thus, I started looking into this more, and tried to searching the company. Nothing relating to an "automotive" business showed up. Then I reverse and search the 6 people connected to Lead Defender's Wikipedia page. I easily found half of the so called Lead Defender employees photos online with different names/faces. Below, I will list all 6 employees, their web pages, and include details for the photos I did find. Rachel Wilson: https://www.linkedin.com/in/rachel-wilson-4515a8206/ Her stock photo can be found on a variety of society websites and one bank website. Example links: https://robinsonsdental.co.uk/how-restoring-your-smile-can-restore-your-self-confidence/ https://fbsw.com/find-the-right-service/chloe/ Jessica Altman: https://www.linkedin.com/in/jessica-altman-aa26b2209/ Sarah Stevens: https://www.linkedin.com/in/sarah-stevens-0b0b53207/ Matt Grogan: https://www.linkedin.com/in/matt-grogan-ba37321b8/ Mark Spears: https://www.linkedin.com/in/megan-spears-3308391bb/ If you go to Sarah Pierce Photography: http://www.sarahpiercephotography.com/wp/, this person's profile picture uses the photo under "Modern Headshots". This photo can also be found on Pintrest, which is how I found it. Amber Online: https://www.linkedin.com/in/amber-sullivan-0329841bb/ Their picture was found on IMDB under Sophie Colquhoun, https://www.imdb.com/name/nm3948902/?ref =. mi nm If you look at her Official Photos, the photo used for Amber is found there.
They will ask question about who you are. They will ask you about your work history. They will sent you a credit check to deposit and purchase equipment.
I received a text asking me if I want to interview with a company called Target.  I said I wasn't interested.  They told me I would be making $35 an hour from home.  I had a feeling it was a trap.  I played along.  They asked me a few questions via text lens.  Then told me I was hired and they would give me a check for materials.  They also said they would be sending me a laptop.  I played along and a check arrived from a BNY Mellon bank in the amount of $3800. The shipping address was from Johnson Gas Appliance company out of Iowa and the address was to a storage unit.
On March 23 I got an email from Planaxis Orlando. It stated they were matched with my resume and wanted to go for a job interview the following day. I had the interview with the  late and,  Vanessa Gonzalez. I have never been aware that this type of work existed since I did the first interview. Made it in for my second round interview and honestly was a little spaced out because there were multiple people there for interviews but for a different company. The staff,managers, whatever you want to call them all work out of this small office on the fourth floor with multiple rooms. I continued because I'm looking for a decent job and unfortunately they are very good at the interview process. I ended up  just getting the job.  but I came home and looked up the other locations for possible sources and they were sacked for being a leak! They didn't ask for my information other than my resume. If I would have went in today for my  legal paperwork,  they would have gotten my ID and social. Stay away from.
Person said I had a job as Remote Administrative Assistant with CVS Health.  It is a work from home opportunity. They sent me a check in the mail for $2,951.98.  I was suppose to take $500 for my job pay and use the rest to get all the equipment that was needed for the job.  I deposited in my bank and hours later my  account was closed with no notice.  My bank said they would mail a letter.  I let Michelle Peluso know what happened, she called me to encourage me to cash check and to start work.  No on would cash check.  The check had Bank of America on it, so I took to bank and opened an account later to find out that the check bounced.  Every bank and check taking place said that the check was fake.  Michelle Peluso never responded back when I let her know what happened.  CVS customer service said they never heard of her.

I was contacted via email regarding an employment opportunity. Originally they sent me a video explaining that I would be receiving packages at home where I would inspect them to make sure there was no damage and that it was the correct items. The job was set to pay 2000 a month and every box I delivered would be an additional 40 dollars which would average to about 3800. I officially started working February 8th and was supposed to get my first class on the 8th of March. When that day came, I kept checking my bank account as I provided that information to them thinking it was legitimate. Once that day arrived, their PR department reached out to me letting me know that I would get paid around the 10th as it takes about 2 business days. As uneasy about it as I felt about it, I let her know that was fine. After that day, my father that kept all the information about my supposed parents and provided all information regarding packages was locked out. I called all "immediate neighbors," and they completely stopped answering my phone calls. I have been receiving mail for someone after that and I believe the person whose number was on one of the packages is involved in this scheme. I called thinking it was an innocent person who may have been a victim of having their card used and she went along with me pretending to be grateful that I am trying to send her packages to her and told me she would contact me soon. She never did, but anytime I contact her, she pushes it off or just texts that she isn't available to speak. That made me more suspicious of the person because I would think that this person would want to get their belongings. I have about 7-8 of her things but I no longer think it belongs to the person whose name is on the packages.
They texted me on that wanting me to be a brand ambassador made me pay $30 for whatever reason, and I would really appreciate my money back.
I was contacted by someone names Rena John with Progressive Insurance Company via text message. She said that she was protecting me from the recruitment team and received my resume on indeed.com. She then instructed me to download the app-app to conduct the interview. Once I was on the app the interview commenced, even though it was short. I found this strange so that hinted to me that this may be a dream. I answered the preliminary questions and received instructions that I would be sent a check in the mail to pay for the office equipment that I would need. I found this strange because the job description stated that I would need to supply my own equipment for this position. I also found it strange that the pay was $42.00 per hour which is way more than reasonable for the position they were seeking. After the interview was over, I was told to "log on" to WhatsApp on Monday morning for further instructions. I deleted the conversation and deleted the app.
I got a job offer from US Parcel Flow and thought it was legitimate being that it was off indeed. I thought you had to quality to be able to put your business on indeed and be legitimate. I visited their website and it looked like a high quality shipping agency and I soon realized after talking to my parents that there was something crazy about the whole idea. I talked to A apparent trainer and she started asking for information I already gave in the hiring process. it would be in a month and she said it was 20-30 packages a month i would be processing. That doesn't sound like legitimate work for the amount of money being offered so i looked into them and looked up the company and if they was on people and it went into how it was a common thing for people to pose as postal service agencies and steal information like your social number... I had no idea about this sort of thing and so i fell victim. Companies will send you packages and you will be reported to the cops for sending stolen goods and charged and arrested i'm sure as a fall guy or something like that. Im just glad i wrote "without prejudice" above my signature to their contract which protects me in a court of law.
The post contacted me via email about a warehouse coordinator position where I would receive, inspect and review packages using a company provided label. After I was called from two other jobs with this same description I told them that The  local FBI agent  was investigating this company as well as the others. In response they sent me their  own credibility issue  documents which looked like an LLC form which they copied and printed their name in. After a couple days they disabled my account. I filled out two forms as well as an employee agreement.
I was contacted via email in regards to a position for a supply chain operations manager. I was to receive packages, inspect them and ship them off using a company provided shipping label. I filled out two forms and an employee agreement. They offered me a promotion and had me sign it. They wanted me to open an account in my name (for their business) to process transactions. They sent me their company information for the business account. Since I didn't receive payment from a similar company I told them I was not comfortable with doing this and I was calling the FBI for investigation. Within 48 hours my account was disabled and my number was blocked. I never got paid.
I was contacted my email regarding a shipping Clerk position paying 2800 a month and $20 per package received. After my first 30 days I would get paid and my salary would increase to $3000 a month and $20 a package. They never paid me. They claimed they had issues with the direct deposit then on pay day my log in to my account was disabled and they stopped answering my phone calls. They had me fill out the forms and an employee agreement. There was the only point of contact.
While looking for a job I got text messages saying there is a  data entry position that would hire me for 28/hour and 16/hour during training. I was told to down load them and phone for communication purposes. I was told to print out there application and send it back, then I was told I would be sent a check for the equipment they needed me to have. After, I received the check and tried to deposited it and the banker told me the check signature looked funny. Later on that day I received an email warning to look out for data entry as if I had recently applied, then I search the company website for more information. The company website ribbon health warns about the risks and certain things I should watch out for. I know now that I was being watched. I am now in the process of reporting everything to my bank, the CEO, and whoever else I need to.
I replied to a "work from home" ad and a out 2 months later I received a priority mail containing a check in the amount of $2,890.00 with instructions to purchase gift cards at Target, and a banker's check for the American Cancer Society. After doing this and taking pictures, they would contact me and let me know where to send the cards and cash check. I was to keep $350.00 as my pay for reporting my experience at the bank and bar. Secret notes, but they seemed more interested in the cards etc than the cards. So I contacted him and was told to report it as a crime.
I've been applying for a lot of job on Facebook, and more. Not sure where initial contact started, but I was contacted that Covance liked my resume and I was in consideration for a remote position. I supplied some additional contact information, and was sent an "interview document" where I answered 17 questions. They contacted me a couple days later saying I was accepted for the position, but said that they would need to send me some funds to purchase particular software (I have all the programs used in my industry). I then checked the new Covance site and their career section had some specific tips to watch out for - email/online online interviews, email structure, etc.
i am unemployed answered a phone response that target was looking for employees.  i applied on the phone. Then was sent a letter by Target that said they wanted me to check on certain items at the stores in the area.  They sent a 2550 cash  check  on the stating they wanted me to buy at two separate Target, 500 dollar gift cards dating to 2000. If i did this quickly then they would give me 200 $ more on the next job they sent me.  I received two more phone messages asking if i had made the deposit yet. I had contacted the police  turned over all the evidence and i blocked the caller. I have received another phone message saying they were taking me to court all of the responses have been blocked
i applied to them on Monday for a finance/accounting internship. they "hired" me until later on i realized they're a team when they asked me to pay for training materials, "part payment". but by then it was too late i already provided them before my banking number. direct deposit to receive my salary. here are the red flags i overlooked 1) when asked for an interview, it was through text message and then asking for my banking information 2) when "hired", then send documents for me to complete but the email address is not from the company address but a personal address  pauljames0302@gmail.com 3) we will send you a check for "training materials" so then you send that check to the vendor which will give you your training materials without even saying what materials it is. then they require me to do a part payment of $1000 will be given to the vendor that will give me the training materials. i learn my lesson to be more cautious
My issue began by receiving email May 24, 2021 from Helen Vanhouten of Hillen Hill Luxury Real Estate stating We've noticed your CV on the head-hunting site. Because of the fast growth of our organization, we are now ready to offer you several positions in our company. In order to know more information on these positions, you can get in touch with us anytime from 9:00 AM to 6:00 PM. We will send you full information about the desired vacancy. During this time I have been looking for work for the last 6 months and I have been on head hunter websites so everything appeared to be lined up to what they said and I have applying to many jobs to the point I forgot what jobs I applied to. He sent me a new form to fill out such as a NDA and filling out information from my last 5 years of where I lived, drivers license front and back copy and my education background. She said that info was to do a background check on me and that it can take 3 days to see if I will past the background check. After I passed the so called background check they scheduled me a phone interview they said I passed and when can I start. So they give me a task to do I completed that assignment. Next day they give me another assignment I completed that assignment then the third day they asked for my bank routing# bank account# bank name and address, followed by my Zelle information. On the forth day March 11, 2021 which was my last and final contact this is what they said: "Good morning sir, I checked the previous assignment. You did a great job. Next week is very important in the learning process. Next day you will receive your first salary of $ 2,700. The first month you will work under my guidance, so you can get used to work and understand the whole cycle of our duties. Today I have prepared a deal with our actual client. This is your first deal and you need to complete it, you need to be detail oriented. Of course, I will also help you. Your actions: Our client wants to buy a house in Hollywood, and we found really good deal. Before the client fully concludes an agreement with us, he will make a deposit, you will accept this deposit and then you will cash out this money and deposit it into the company's account. You will accept the payment from customer and deposit and then you will cash out this money and deposit it into the company's account. You will accept the payment from customer and deposit the money to the Company Account and l receive a 5% commission from this transaction. In the future you will receive 10% commission from each transaction. Also you will use the company's corporate account, we will give you access at the end of the first month of training. You will use your account only during your training. This is a very important stage of learning, since a real estate transaction is your main job. After the end of the transaction, you will fill out the report form and send it to me. I will always be in touch with you and we will do everything step by step according to the instructions." I immediately started to feel skeptical about this and that it felt a little illegal so I did a deep dive on this company and I found something from ans website that someone described everything what I was going through. Same company and same person Helen Vanhouten. I called her everyday about what was going on and why they completely stopped communicating with me. I immediately changed my bank account info froze all 3 credit cards attempted to file a police report but said they can do it for me because technically they have not broken the law yet I showed them the bank alert and showed them all corresponding emails and they still refused to create me a police report.
I received a check by Dexsta Federal Credit Union for $2845.00  I was to deposit the check into my checking account and then go to CVS and purchase four $500.00 American Express Gift Cards and then keep $350.00 for do this.  I am not sure this is not a dream. I don't trust anything any more.  Please advise : . 
Company got my info to get employed with WFG, don't know how they got my information, never applied to the job. I gave it a chance and did an interview, having an open mind and hardly talked about the job or what I was applying for. The lady told me that she was going to run a background check and I specifically told her to not run any credit cards until I found out when I got hired, she then rushed to schedule an orientation without telling me what job I got or the start pay. I later called to make sure they didn't take any money and now seeing my card was charged and not employed with the company. They took my money and all of my information. Now it is s difficult trying to get a resolution and lost $150.
Jobilize.com took a legitimate job with John Hopkins University, but posted on it on its website with a fake location in Colorado. I've come to believe Jobilize is part of a network of secret employment websites. For context, the job posting on Jobilize's website is still up for the moment: https://www.jobilize.com/job/innovation-program-director-cci-centennial-jobleads-united-states?src=drblsrch As you can see, it lists the location for the job as Centennial, CO. This is false. The job is based in Maryland, at the main John Hopkins University campus in Baltimore (the real job posting is here). https://jobs.jhu.edu/job/Baltimore-Innovation-Program-Director-CCI-MD-21218/703936800/ Although the current Jobilize posting does list the location is the John Hopkins campus deeper in the job posting, this was NOT the case when I came across the post several weeks ago - the post even more clearly indicated the location was in Colorado. The website also creates an option to "apply for the job," and requires you to list an email address, which I did. Ever since, I have gotten no fewer than 3 to 5 emails every day for a network of small websites with new job openings, including from "ColoradoJobDepartment.com," Nexxt.com, and many others. I have tried to smile every time I receive such an email but I keep getting new junk emails from new garbage job websites. All because I input my email address through Jobilize for a job with a location I thought was in Colorado because Jobilize incorrectly posted the location as in Colorado. Jobilize is obviously a fraud. The website should be shut down.
Email from company offering a job regarding daily shipment, open order, on time reports with a very nice salary.  Below is the email, i copied the contents. Hello Nancy J Ragozzino! Thank you for your application for the Project Manager position at TEMSI. I am pleased to confirm our offer and your acceptance to join our Company. Your application has been reviewed and approved by TEMSI. Please see position details below: Job Description Project Manager  at  TEMSI Company/Facility: TEMSI (US Branch) Job Status: Full-Time / Part-Time Location: unknown Job title: Project Manager Position Overview: There are two options for this position, full-time and part-time. You can also start part-time and later switch to full-time employment. This is a remote position, indicating that you can work from your own home. You will be responsible for obtaining products/goods from various vendors in a cost-effective manner. Base salary is $98,400.00 per year ($8,200.00 per month) + commission for every completed task, which ranges from 10%-15% of the purchase amount. Key duties: Create/maintain purchase orders from various vendors including online and your local stores  Negotiate with diverse suppliers for optimal rates  Monitor and manage supplier relationships and conduct on-going supplier analysis  Coordinate all activities related to movement of materials from forecast to delivery  Create and maintain daily shipment, open order, revenue and on time delivery reports  Review inventory level, sales forecast, and safety quantities to match the company s s continuous growth  Plan, purchase, schedule products to support on-time sales and customer commitments while maintaining inventory levels at optimal levels  Report your activities to your personal supervisor.  No traveling, financial investment or relocation is required on your side. Source:  bull  Ability to come on board and make immediate contributions  bull  Detail-oriented and process-oriented  bull  Analytical ideal  bull  Experience preferred  bull  Highly organized with great attention to detail, accuracy, and consistency  bull  Flexibility  and lify  bull  Ability to multi-task, organize, and manage time effectively  bull  Excellent oral and written communication skills.  bull  Outstanding organizational skills  bull  High energy and intensity  bull  Excellent math skills Educational Period: You will be given very clear guidelines to complete tasks, while on educational period. All these tasks are not going to take more than 1-2 hours of a day. Please see in-depth explanation below of such tasks: Stage 1: Your personal supervisor will approve and negotiate the list of necessary products, project conditions, overall amount, delivery options and purchase locations. Stage 2: Right after you obtain an appropriate amount from us, you will have an assigned period of time to purchase needed products from online or your local stores. All goods can be purchased and transported out legally with no restrictions. In most cases, you will be obtaining electronic products including Dell, Apple products, digital gift certificates etc. List of required products may vary. The supervisor will always indicate the type and the quantity of the goods needed in advance. Our company respects your interests, therefore in case you might be unable to obtain particular item/items, the supervisor will offer you a different option. Stage 3: Right after a purchasing stage, you will have to send us loads of records/documents or photos of obtained items. Some products will need shipment from your local/nearest post office. All expenses are covered by our company. Then you can proceed to the next task. Salary Rates/Benefits: Company benefits including health insurance and vacation after the educational period. The educational period is also provided with the regular monthly salary payments along with commissions. You will receive your commission plus your salary by check or wire transfer to your personal bank account according to your choice. An example: during the educational period you have successfully accomplished 6 tasks, $11,500.00 each: Commission per task: $1,150.00 (10% of $11,500.00) Task total: 6 Total commission amount: $6,900.00 ($1,150.00 x 6) Your monthly salary: $8,200.00 Total: $15,100.00 In this case, you will receive $15,100.00 total within one week after the three weeks of educational period. It is also possible for you to receive the commission after each completed task/assignment. In case you agree to these terms and conditions, make sure to send us your confirmation letter to the owner's email address or simply reach us via our toll-free number at  +1 855 441 0338 or +1 213 262 0233. You will undergo a credit report and background check, before the start, ensuring the security of the company's funds. In case you have any more questions, please feel free to reach me via an e-mail or our toll-free U.S phone number: +1 855 441 0338 or +1 213 262 0233  from 07:00 A.M to 11:00 AM and 1:00 to 7:00 PM (UTC-5). Please don't forget to provide us with you contact number and most convenient time for a conversation, as we might verify your interest over the phone as well. Thank you for interest in joining our team. Hana Stevanovic   Human Resource manager Toll Free number: +1 855 441 0338 Phone number: +1 213 262 0233 Email: usdept@temsi-fr.com www.temsi-fr.com
This company contacted me after my resume was on LinkedIn. They wanted a job with benefits where you could work from home. Their website also says they have an issue with the band. Basically you are asked to inspect packages and ship them where they need to go. It appears to be a fraud. They have a series of questions who no longer reply.
Asseco asking via text if you want job interview. wants to do so through an app, and wants to do the whole checkup for the job. I know its fake but they seem to be pulling information listed in resume from indeed.com
Entered by the Staff - 1 - 3-22-21 I received a text AMP Energy Drink. The text came from 615-270-9338. The company wants me to put an advertising wrap on my car. I am to receive a check in the mail to pay for the wrap.  I don't know the amount of the check.  I keep $500. I also received an email. Their email is travisthayergemawrh@gmail.com.
I received letters from Unemployment and then received a credit card saying I was trying to file for unemployment from someone back in January of last year.   I had numbers that I was told to call and I was able to get in touch with thecos - they told me that it was a lot that has happened to lot of people.
I received an email from someone claiming to be "John Jones" from GOAT Group (both real names of an employee and company) with an offer for an Illustrator job. This was several weeks ago but I just encountered the exact same team claiming to be a different company (Under Armour)so it seems this is a bad template used by multiple bad actors. The way the plan works is as follows: 1. The email,  which appears to be from an IT professional, contains a job description and claims to be hiring for a full time work from home position with a generous salary (the first email I got offered $85/hour, this new one offers 50-65/hour). The email instructed the target to text a certain number (in both cases this was supposedly the "Technical Manager's" number) and download the Telegram chat client. 2. Once the target has initiated contact and downloaded Telegram, they are given an interview over text. The interview I was given for the GOAT show consisted of 10 questions. 3. After the interview has been completed, the target is "offered" the job and given a contract to sign. The contract I received was very bare bones, filled with grammar errors, and appeared to be tied together out of several different places. 4. Once the contract has been signed the target sends a check (I received it over Telegram) that is to be used for "supplies" and forces the target to deposit it with a mobile banking app and send proof of the deposit. The check  I received was for $3500. This is where I caught on to the.  I believe it is a big scheme for bank account information. The red flags I noticed about the communications: 1. All communications had some level of broken English or bad grammar. 2. My point of contact was constantly calling me at odd hours, so I believe the car was located outside the US (I am not sure where) 3. The point of contact was sharp and aggressive, constantly requiring me to respond and move forward. 4. The salary offered was way too good to be true ($85/hour for an illustrator position which usually pays around 20-30 an hour for an entry level position) 5. All communications were through text only  I requested to speak with the "new employee" via phone but never received a response. 6. I couldn't find any record of a "Michael Miller" (the so-called Technical Manager) working at GOAT Group through LinkedIn. 7. They claimed that I would need to order all the necessary equipment myself, which seemed off.

I came upon a job listing on Indeed for a mail order contract with Anytime Express and applied for it. The position was offering $750 per week after a 30 day probation period, in which you would receive $3,000 upon a successful probation period and then $750 weekly. It was as simple as receiving mail, taking pictures of the mail, placing the pictures on their phone, and having a mail label generated by Anytime Express, and then dropping the package off to one of the proper mail service providers (i.e., IBM, UPS). Close to the end of my probation period, everything went non-stop...school website, phone numbers. It appears the company utilized the actual company Anytime Express some how, which made it all appear that...they were on the run with a secret website. I actually got in contact with the real owner of Anytime Express and he was trying to work with the CEO on how his business was compromised this way and getting things settled.
If I recall, they used it to post the ad. They offered a job position as a quality control inspector. They said they will offer a fixed monthly salary of $2,800 plus a bonus of $50 for each successful package sent. They also said the average income would be $4,000 per month. The phone calls I received from them were very short they stayed on the phone no longer then 2 minutes so it kind of felt like they was trying to rush me into this process. They sent email after email and what made me suspicious where the links and proper grammar. Everything was repetitive and their website then have too much detail to it and the video describing the job is no longer available. They had me order free boxes from FedEx, USPS, UPS and they kept wanting me to log on to a portal at a certain time each day but when I didn't give them my photo of my social security card and stopped stop answering the phone calls because I had already saw reviews on the better Business bureau and after finding out that their location of business doesn't actually exist they started talking and kept leaving me would tell me that I need to log on to the portal and they were calling from weird places like Kentucky one phone call had a VoIP number and all these numbers were not available. So I am thankful that I didn't go no further than where I went and not give them my direct deposit number or any banking information nor my social security number so I hope you take this as a very good warning to do your research on such jobs like this.
I received an email through my website's contact form that said the following: Hello I'm Herbert do you offer website design l have a Auto painting company business and I need an information website to promote my business also if you do you accept credit cards? Thanks Herbert I replied stating yes I offer website design and accept credit cards. Then he replied with this: Thank you very much for your email,i need an information website to promote my business,so i need you to check out this site but i need something more perfect than this if its possible  http://frontrangedents.com/. So i need you to get me an estimate based on the site i gave you to check out, the estimate should include hosting and i want the same page as the site i gave you to check out and the consultant company has the text content and the plans for the site. Note: 1. I want the same number of pages with the example site i gave you to check excluding blogs. 2. I want only English language 3. I don't have a domain yet but i want the domain name as:collisionrepairspecialtyllc.com 4. i will be proving the images, photos and content for the site My budget is $3,500 to $6,500 I will be waiting for your email for the estimate Here is my company name: collision Perfect Auto Repair kindly get back to me with your telephone number so that we can have suitable text on phone Best regards Herbert I sent him an estimate and received this response: Thank you so much for your endless effort on my project, am okay with the estimate of $5,400.00 everything also ready to make payment now with my credit card, I understand the content for this site would be needed so work can start. but i will need a Little favor from you and the favor is that I will send you my credit card to charge for the sum of $2,617.50 plus 3.5% Cc company charges, You will get $517.50 as deposit for the design of the website plus extra $100.00 as a tip for handling perfect work for me and you will send the remaining $2,000.00 to the project consultant that has the text content and the logo for my website so once he receive the $2,000.00 he would send the text content and logo needed for my website to you so work can start again. Sending of funds would be after money flows into your account and You will be charging my card for remaining balance upon completion of work. Will you send me an envelope to make the payment? Kindly get back to me so we can proceed with payment, including your direct cell phone. I'll want your positive response, so, we can get the ball rolling. Best Regards Herbert Aside from it clearly being an investment rate, the amount he said the estimate was for was totally wrong. The estimate also included my cell phone number. He didn't seem to even have read it. Had he read it, he wouldn't have asked for my cell number.

I saw a listing on Indeed for a Customer Service Operations Specialist with Spotify. The listing showed Spotifys logo, and chief human resources woman, Katarina Berg was who reached out to me. I researched her and the business opportunity online. I applied directly on the link she provided, which is SpotifyCareers.com. She called me back a week later and called me on landing the job. She sent me the employment contract which seemed totally legitimate and asked for a big check for payment. She also sent the new  and  i-9 for me to fill out. I signed the contract, completed the paperwork and sent the email. She smiled me back and said "Welcome aboard, I'll get back with you soon!" Upon further investigation, I realized the link to apply for an ACTUAL Spotify job was different than the one provided on Indeed. The websites look almost identical in nature. I just shut down my bank account. I am going to reach out to credit agencies, IRS, etc to prevent my identity from being stolen. I am absolutely disgusted and disappointed.
Good day, Dear applicant we apologize for the delay in response, in regards to your resume that was provided to our Human Resources head department  Job (AD) for the Full time /Part Time Administrative Assistant/ Data Entry/ Customer Service Position, The Hiring Desk have reviewed your resume and we believe you have the required qualifications to proceed with the Position, Working hours are from 8am - 4pm, Monday-Friday and The starting pay is ($35/hour) for this Full time/Part Time Administrative Assistant/ Data Entry/ Customer Service Position also note that the working hours for this job and position is flexible and you can also choose your hours, because we have morning shift, afternoon shift and evening shift. Are you familiar with Telegram Messenger? You are required to download the app on the Play or Appstore, you can also click on the link provided below to download the app https://telegram.org. Once you are done with the download, you are to set up an account using your current phone number and add up to Manager  Mrs. Laura Paige through her Personal User ID on the Twitter app ( @Officedeskmgrlaura) or you can text her through her Telegram phone number (336) 505-8039... Save her contact and send her a text. This once done by sending a message stating "I AM READY". This should be done soon. This is our first step to proceed further. She will be available on-line waiting for you. Your registration code is ( CLH-08 ) this would serve as your signature code throughout the online hiring process. Your direct response matters a lot Interview Location: On-line Also Note: That Interview will Commence Immediately, if you are available online and ready to  proceed with the interview thank you. Here is the Call Manager Telegram contact again (@Officedeskmgrlaura ). Company Name: THE TECHNOLOGIES Best Regards Human Resources
March 6 2021 I response to a ad on Google for independent contractor delivery driver I spoke with Mr Jones from that conversation he offered me a position but he said he needed my social security card and my driver's license so he could run a background check I sent him what he asked for March 7th 2021 he use that information that I sent to him to access my unemployment and he changed my PIN number and was able to change my direct deposit to his account not long knowing this was done until the 9th of March when I did not receive my unemployment direct deposit in my account and I was locked out of my unemployment account I had to change my PIN number to access my account and at that time I saw where it was saying paid  direct deposit but it didn't come to my account you sent me an e-mail on the 7th March asking if I had changed my pin# to be change I didn't see that email until the 9th of March after I didnot receive my check I started to search what was going on by that time it was to late they went forward with the change  I don't check my email every day so therefore he was able to obtain that information as soon as I recognized what was going on I immediately file out a report with the data I have been able to verify with the FBI again but I still haven't received any payments as of yet I think I got one more process to do through Id me and that's the video chat over the phone and I'm just waiting going on two weeks now I really would like this person to be expose and prosecuted so no one else will have to go through what I went through thanks   but  
I received an email that stated  you make money from home on your own time too.  Be a mystery solved and get paid.
I was excited about a job opportunity. They scheduled a phone call and it sounded like a recording. The caller even said  that most people think this is a recording..  The call was approximately 15 minutes and the entire call  to oro  was talking about the position and the company. Not one question was asked which sent up immediate red flags. And then he did not take questions after his speech and immediately hung up. Who does a phone interview and doesn you t ask questions? I searched their best looking website and kept seeing small inconsistencies. The business was supposedly Ethos Recruiting, Inc. but the site was Ethos Recruiter. Nothing came up in any of the professional networking sites I use for either title. I checked LinkedIn for  : Gregory Gerstner,  the. and there is a profile but with very little activity. There is a career tools section on their site that asks for a list price of $196 for training. This person offers jobs to people and tells them they need to pay for training to start work for a position (and company) that doesn't exist.
Was confronted via text message for employment with the I. Was asked if I was interested in the positions available. I was then instructed to connect with a Greg Hillman to via The App for questions for the interview. Offered time, flexible hours and schedule. Once I passed the question assessment I was sent an email of a check worth 2300$ to purchase equipment from vendors on the site. After getting into my account was told to email back confirmation via email attached to the check (email). I see the pending deposit in my account but isn't automatic like with normal checks. Once I realized that I couldn't start right away the conversation got a little demanding and distant. I haven't heard from the guy rest of the day, after asking when background check would be (trying to see if it'stat). Please..do not fall into this trap..it sounds vaguely inviting with the pay rate of living while working from home but sounds extremely suspicious. I have alerted my bank for potential suspicious fraud activity.
I was called to arrange an interview, I was told that this would be a permanent job and that I would interview at one location and work at another. I was also asked to bring 110$ with me to the interview to get started on intimacy cost of getting my bartender certificate. Upon reading reviews on BBB and on other websites I learned this business is a man who take advantage of people looking for employment and steals their money by telling them they are going to get a job with the fake certificates they give out.
What happened I received an offer in regards to a job offer. Seemed very formal-aY. The communication started and they wanted for me to contact a Michael Beasley via mate: So I got in touch with him, they sent me a writing test for the position. It was a link they sent and the link was not live by the way- I had to copy and past the code on the browser. I had all the communication via phone but when I blocked this guy, everything was deleted. They told me I needed a lot of equipment-very expensive one- and software for work. I asked about how because I could not afford that. They said they were going to send me an electronic check and let me know what vendors to get the equipment from. Then he said that charity and educational institutions funded them for these type of resources. A pharmaceutical company though charity? red flag. So they send me the Offer letter and I signed, sent my personal info: address, phone, C#, ID, etc. We were meeting today at 10 am via phone, I did. This person told me that I was going to receive an e-check to purchase the equipment. They sent me a check from an email account that is not from a company and the check has the name of a woman and no company either. They wanted for me to cash it and join them. I did not like this at all and I questioned him and his credentials and he never responded anymore. Then I went to bed and checked out the company and the name of this guy within the employee list, he dose not exist. Sent a message to the same person and she barely replied but she said she does not know him. This is a total sum. I think they want for people to deposit the checks and then make us deposit them somewhere else and steal our money. This is very serious. Now i face the possibility of identity theft too. It is so unfair that the whole society is struggling economically, poverty and all, we are just trying to make a living and these thieves steal our peace. How it started Date fraud began:	Amount I was asked for:	Amount I Paid: 1 Payment Used:	How I was contacted: Email. Electronic check was sent by  wilsonchandra@accountant.com I questioned them because the check is from an individual and the email has no company logo. I questioned the guy and he stopped communicating. Dearest Your portfolio published on INDEED has been reviewed by our Human Resources Department at SK-Pharmaceutical, and we are pleased to invite you to a job interview/training for the position of Proofreader/Translator. You have been assigned to Michael Beasley (Project Coordinator) of SK-Pharmaceutical, he would be conducting an online interview with you via chat. Company: SK-Pharmaceutical Website: https://sk-pharma.com/ Job Type: Part-Time, Full-Time, Freelancer Hourly Rate: $40/Hour Training Rate: $18 - $20/hour Interview During the interview, we'll give you an ability and personality test according to the job position and one or two minutes to interview you through there, so you'll have a better understanding of the work content and SK-Pharmaceutical. We'll integrate your interview results and contact you via e-mail. If you have been accepted, our job employment letter and employment contract would be posted to you via e-mail. Steps to proceed for the interview Have the app (SKYPE) downloaded on your mobile device or PC. Set up an account Add him up through his user ID(s) Michael Beasley or live:.cid.c7e8dc322d2ba2ba Message him with your Full Name and Verification code Interview Scheduled: Monday - Friday Date: (2017) - (03/19/2021) Time: 10:00 AM EST Please reply to your Call Coordinator directly with your availability during the following date and time options. Your identification code is BVN/PFT/IB456. This would serve as your identification throughout the interview. This is an online, work from home position and working hours are flexible, your swift and easy response matters a lot in this immediate hire position. We look forward to speaking with you! Best Regards SK-Pharmaceutical  copy 2021 SK-Pharmaceutical
They contact people and post multiple job ads on Indeed and More with the same thing they tell you in person promising jobs and work right away if you pay them for a driving license, uniform, and  your lifetime with along  with the  phone company logo. They also say they work with every restaurant and lounge or bar in town. Multiple people have been sued for $5000. A woman contacted me her name was Mora Mae and Lane Ortiz. The office is located on the 12th or 8th floor.
A manager by the name of Rimi contacted me and said that she responding to my application on Indeed.com(I don't remember applying for the position). She said position was package inspector and that I would be making 11.50 hourly and that after my probation period I would be making between $15 hourly. I was given a lock and password to portal to check for incoming packages. After my final period I tried to log into portal, couldn't work. Called my manager went straight to email and called the company, email was returned.
I was first contacted via email with an employment opportunity. This drug on for several days. Finally, I was offered a position as a part-time Administrative Assistant. After accepting the position, several days later I was tasked with my first work opportunity. I received a check via Fed EX to perform a task. I have cut and edited the email I received. "The Package contains your check for the total amount of $2,741.30 Once you receive the Certified Check, go straight to your bank and have the check scanned/deposited... However, I am doing it to the school as you know that is your first task. I contacted the orphanage home, and I was given the list of the items to be bought, the items are much and will cost a lot to get them shipped, so we have reached an accord, They will be getting the items themselves. Once the Check has been placed at your bank you are to get $505 your weekly salary as I promised and with further instructions from me. Please email me back or text me as soon as the funds are ready, I still have some other assignments for you to handle before the week runs out. I will appreciate it if you can handle everything as early as possible before bank closing hour today. As soon as you receive the package, send me a text, I may not be able to access my email right away"
I was aggressively pursued by this company to receive packages at my home and then turn around and ship them out with shipping labels provided by the company. A great work from home opportunity! I had a habit where I popped in everyday and printed out shipping labels and took the packages to the post office, UPS or FedEx. Now that it is Friday, my email information no longer works and no one will answer my emails, texts or voice mail. It is too good to be true. I guess I thought that since it is Covid, a lot of new opportunities are available for folks to work from home. No. I filled our ax, uploaded my ID and gave my checking account information for the supposed direct deposit. I spoke with managers, staff, managers and the accounting department. I was given instruction materials, had to pass a background check and had an interview. I feel so stupid and I really don't understand the point... Was I involved in smuggling goods? So far, no activity in my checking account, but I definitely have to change all my accounts. They got a month and a half of good work out of me as well as gas bills, a bridge toll, tape, ink and paper. They call themselves Asia Trade, SPS Post, Shanghai Post Ship, interchangeably. They only say "HomeW" or "Shipping Agent" in their email signatures, and in their outgoing messages, that should've clue me in. There was always a tiny voice inside, I kept thinking "I'll see if it's right" and they got me because I really wanted it to be. Other names to watch out for: Fabian Greer, 551-209-3450/855-437-0036, trans.Greer@spstrademail.com- Supervisor  Nina Kaufman, 855-431-0144, Nina.Kaufman@spstrademail.com - Supervisor  Anna Sotello, Anna.Sotello@spstrademail.com, 209-935-7067- Manager 
I was to ship packages.  I was to inspect packages and make sure they were done properly.  I was to use USPS, FBI, DHL, UPS.  I learned that I was taking the packages to the same address but a different person.  They were out of the country, in Scotland.
I was on Indeed and applied for a position with the company.  They said I needed to send them money for supplies for my office.  I tried through Zelle, but it did not go through.  I then had to get a Home Depot gift card.  They wanted to send the amount to a lawyer     .  This is sf.  They got my banking account information and cleared out my account.
Contacted via LinkedIn.  Asked me if I had credit and versa check stock for printing machines.  I asked for money first to buy the card stock.  He agreed.  Wanted to deposit the funds.  I asked him for a check but would not commit to a $$ amount.  He asked for a full name, address, email and phone #.  He recalled me saying he had others who were willing to commit but wanted to give me the first opportunity. Checked people died and there is no John Center in St Louis Park, MN

An individual identifying themselves as a recruit with a firm called Empower Recruiter (no s on record to distinguish themselves from another recruitment firm named Empower Recruiters) contacts a job-broker, advising that they were referred to you by an outside talent hiring firm. They advise you that they have a position for which you are qualified and that as a retained recruitment firm, they are paid by their client. They ask for your resume. Then, once you send your resume, they advise you that your resume is not written properly for the Applicant Tracking System and that you will need to click on the link for a resume tracking service to move forward. This game has been played many, many times before. If you pay for the resume and service -- anywhere from  $100 to $200 -- the lawyer will tell you that things are looking promising before advising you that the client's acquisition fell through and there are no longer any positions available.
This scheme used what appears to be a fairly elaborate scheme with a real company My Own Hub as the background thread of truth in an employment scheme seemingly designed to gain my confidence to pay for my personal identification information  SSN, DLID  and  Passport banking information, and ultimately, a set of high end multimedia devices, namely the latest Apple.  and  iPhone. I 1st saw an ad for the position on Indeed, so I thought it was legitimate  I applied, and eventually got an email offering an interview process, from someone posing as a James Russell, Chief Product Officer at My PT Hub Ltd Burgess Hill, GB. I was instructed by this person, that due to this, all of the interview process would be via an app called "WIRE" which does chat/instant/phone/video editing. We went through an interview process, all in chat, which I have a copy of. I was eventually told that I would be receiving a call from a Tom Livings concerning the interview, and after a few days I did receive a call from someone posing as Tom telling me that my interview had gone well,  and  that I was being offered the position. I then receive an email from James welcoming me aboard, with 4 documents, an "Offer Letter", an employee "Code of Conduct" document, a W-4, and a banking document for salary direct deposit payments. After the completion of the exchange of this information, I was handed off to a "Supervisor" for further training and "paid" training, a Mrs. Hannah Lydford  who took over the chat sessions, which I have copies of. Now, along with some other training activities and exercises, the concentration turned to me getting some high end mobile devices needed for my employment  which would be important to me. It would take a couple of days for me to arrange getting the devices ordered through my post paid account with AT and T, but I eventually had the devices in my possession and now all of a sudden, I'm being asked to send them through UPS to a secondary server with a very suspicious shipping name for "Software Configuration"??? It's now that I realize the "Red Flags" which were overcome by hope .  the prospects of a real company, have been realized as real, because, I'm being watched. I let the person posing as Mrs. Lydford know that unless  and  until I received more concrete evidence of actual employment that I wouldn't be moving forward with any shipment of mobile devices...I suggested a video call/conference with her and James  left it to say, I haven't heard a thing since.  .  
I was fired from this company about employment. I accepted the employment and was told I'd be paid $2000 a month for shipping out box's as well as $40 for each month. I started February 11 2021 and was supposed to be paid March 11 2021. The day of my pay day I was kicked off the website and all the phone numbers as well as email address were blocked. They even took out $64 dollars from my account to purchase stuff on Amazon.
I was contacted via email to be a a secret partner for Target. I received a check in the mail for $2,550.64 from Unison Bank out of South Dakota. I was asked in a letter to immediately deposit the check and then purchase four $500 Target Visa Gift Cards from two different Target stores. I was also told I'd needed to send pictures of the front and back of the gift cards along with pictures of the gifts to my task officer Mark Armour at 315-227-3258 and send an evaluation report to secretshopping44@outlook.com. I could keep the difference and they would send me another assignment. They are persistent and keep following up with text messages.
I was sent a text about a secret survey assignment and if I would like to participate to fill out a form with the link sent in the text. When I filled out the form, I received the following email: I want u to deposit it online through your bank mobile app or via the automated money machine (ATM) or you kindly walk down to bank and take a deposit slip and deposit it into your active account and the funds will be made available into your account within hours once u deposit is kindly acknowledge the deposit slip for record references. And your first assignment  will be giving to you once  the cash is available in the account...your responses  needed only... 1ST ASSIGNMENT: Assignment (A) Wal-Mart Stores: INSTRUCTIONS: A) The check payment with you covers all expenses including evaluation, shopping and your compensation (First assignment wages $350) for the survey. During your Shopping experience, you will purchase items useful to you. Keep all the items,they most not exceed the amount outline below. B  You are to conduct the next assignment by sending one play gift card to another secret survey to carry out his own Assignment. Conducting a survey at the same time to evaluate the Clerk report. Our clients will be relying on your report to improve their sales behavior, which is the importance of the whole shopping process. Companies use this process to continually improve on their services and sales. Some companies engaged our services when their customer's complain about one or two irregularities while some private clients employ our service when they feel the EXPECTED REPORTS (1)What's the time duration of the service rendered to you? (2)-What was the overall appearance of the store, inside and out? (3)-Overall impression of the clerk (4)-Conditions of the customer (Wal-Mart only) (5)-Your comment and impression. BELOW IS THE EXPENDITURES BREAKDOWN:- Actual Money..............$2550 Assignment Wages............... Shopping Allowance..................." You will purchase to play gift card worth of $2000, in any denomination of ( $100, $200, $500)  AFTER THE PURCHASE OF THE CARD   Open the pack and see the silver foil on the card   capture image of the card front and back for each cards purchase  and  email the pictures of these cards to us Make a summary of your survey at the store  and  email to us as well The following day I received a banker's check in the mail worth $2,550. I thought this seemed suspicious.
They ask you to get  a real credit card so that they can put funds on it so that I could use it  to book tickets (e. money, ups). I looked at the account 2 days later and it was charged for Apple services. I don't own any Apple products. In order to purchase a credit card you have to put $20 on it.
This company has a whole operation going. The have a website, website, work forms, email address and a back office. They seem real men. Everything is really setup. They even have a accounting and human resource department that will setup your pay day. But because you will not be paid. The supervisor Lille and Oscar will act like they are calling accounting then remove you from the fake back office. They will even have you try to pick up so called aid packages that will not be at the location.

It all started when I was searching to make a little extra money during these hard time. I searched on CareerBuilder's and came across something with the title of "Shipment Inspection Manager" for this company. Job description was simple even a man can do it. I applied and got a bounce back email saying thank you for your interest in out company. I the received an email from a Michael Vance which he claims to be the top director for this company. My interview took about 35 to 45 minutes asking me reasonable questions ones you would be asked during an interview. He also checked my address and made sure I was eligible to receive packages and I was. He also then asked for references which he called all 4 of them and stated he would be checking up again in August. So after about a day or so I received another email stating that my work was approved with support and to log in daily and check for any packages that were heading my way. I received packages within 2 or 3 days. Didn't think anything at the time, its a job. Attached you will see my emails, pictures of my work and many emails where I was asking about my payment. There is no calling everything is emails. I have it and all the paper work that they requested were removed from the boxes. They have business with way fair and also not sure if they are aware that this company isn't paying their employees. I will never work for no company like this again. My sister was also sued by another company claiming to do the same thing and she never got paid either. Her company went by the name of LLC Shippers located in GA. Packages come to you under someone else's name and leaves your doors with your name on it. I was planning on holding onto the last 2 packages until i got payment but they sent me a threatening email stating I wouldn't get paid until they were shipped out. Packages shipped and payment never received. Please look out the sides like this the times keep getting better.
I was hired to do purchase management and logistics and was told that the company would pay for expenses I charged on my credit card per their request.  I bought thousands of dollars in computer phones watches on my charge.  They gave me their company bank info to pay for merchandise,  Once it cleared the bank and they received the merchandise it was too late.  The bank information was stolen and then they claimed they were going into bankruptcy and left me with thousands on my charge card which they will be legally sued.  U.S. Bureau of Labor is investigating and will probe for fraud.  DO NOT HAVE ANY DEALINGS WITH THIS COMPANY.
I was contacted by someone who identified themselves as Ayame Dinkler, regarding my application for Junior Graphic Designer with LCMC Health. I didn't remember applying for this job, but I applied for a lot of jobs, so I assumed I had applied. She requested I schedule an interview with Tanya Townsend and provided an email address. I contacted Tanya and scheduled an interview for the following morning. I was surprised to log into Skype and find out the interview was to be conducted entirely over the messenger feature. The interview took about an hour and was fairly easy.  But Tanya also  did not engage with any of my answers, or ask difficult questions. I was hired immediately following the interview. Tanya stated he would send an offer letter, as well as a check for me to purchase home office supplies. I have not given them personal information beyond my name, contact info, and email address.
Fake secret shopping job offer. Consumer received an offer to deposit money to their bank, but first they have to purchase a $2000 bank card and send it to the customer.
I was contacted by "Michael Cramer, a director for the company HCL Technologies" via text at 605.231.9098 who said that a hiring manager would like to speak with me to set up an interview.  I was directed to download an app called Telegram and directed to contact Collins Wheeler by his user ID @collinswheelerHCL or by clicking on a link they provided.  I was given a code to message him on time (HCL-A16) to begin speaking with him about a job.  He, again, claimed to be a hiring manager.  He asked me a series of questions that I responded to and was told that I was to message him the next day to find out the results of the interview.  I was suspicious after thinking about this more but was even more so when I accidentally contacted him two hours late the next day and still got the "job".  The very first question was about how I would like my checks deposited.  I'm certain this was setting up asking for my bank account number, so I've decided to answer "yes" to the below question that they did try to take money from me.  I did not give any information but asked him to verify that he worked for the company before continuing as I was concerned about it being a secret.  They had provided a link to the HCL website and I asked him to direct me to his contact information on the website.  I asked him what office he worked at so I could call.  His only response was "This is 100% legitimate."  No further contact has been made, although I did take screen shots of the entirety of both conversations so have a record, if that is helpful.
I saw this job for a Graphic Designer on LinkedIn. They responded via email about the next steps. These were the email addresses used: (1) info.SANTMYERCOMPANIES@graphic-designer.com, (2) santmyeroilcompanyinc@gmail.com and (3) dw.santmyercompaniesinc@gmail.com. They said they would schedule an interview, but they ended up sending me screening interview questions instead. Below are the questions.                                                                                                               Frontier Companies, Inc. Screening Test/Interview Questions for Graphic Designer (Remote) Position Instructions: Please replace all your answers with the question you are answering. Use words only after you've explained them. Use correct spelling and grammar. Be sure to write your name and the other's name. Candidate's Name: Steve's Name: Dustin Loussedes 1. Are you currently employed? 2. Will you be able to devote 10 to 30 hours of your time weekly for the Companies, Inc? 3. What qualities and skills should a good graphic designer have? 4. How do you work with collaborators like writers, developers, and project managers? 5. Tell me about the final hand-off process. 6. How do you incorporate feedback into your designs? 7. Describe your creative process. What are the major steps? 8. How do you measure the success of your designs? 9. How do you meet tough people? 10. Tell me about a time you completed great work under pressure. 11. Tell me about your experience working remotely. 12. Walk me through your portfolio. Which pieces are you most proud of, and why? 13. Tell me about yourself and your last job. 14. What type of software have you worked with? 15. How long would you expect to work for us if hired and how much will you request per hour if you are hired? 16. The Graphic Designer will create visual concepts, using computer software, to communicate ideas that inspire, inform, or educate consumers, develops the overall layout and production design for advertisements, books, magazines, and corporate reports. The Graphic Designer will design graphics and collaborate with the Marketing Department to produce professional marketing contents and materials including photos, videos, videos and social media. And will work with the Marketing Department to create and execute a plan that will effectively project the image of the company and achieve strategic goals. Can you handle all of these duties effectively?                                                                                                               After I submitted the questions, I received an email that I got the job, but it started getting suspicious when I read that the pay is $70 per hour and training is $35 per hour and will be getting payment weekly via check or direct deposit, depending on which I prefer. I called someone at the real Paper Company, who told me that they are not looking for a Graphic Designer. They also sent me this one check that is suppose to pay for the so-called required equipment I am suppose to receive. The envelope the check came in was sent by Word Data Products, Inc and the address is 1105 Main Lane N, Plymouth, MI 55441. The Origin ID is AELA. The CAD is 252968330/WSXI3200. The envelope also said "Bill Sender". Attached is the information from the first check.

They reached out to me saying the are looking for people like me with my experience. Recruiter Derrick Brain derrickbrain70@gmail.com Then interviewed over messages on Yahoo by John Miley johnmiley3800@gmail.com Everything seem fine up in till this point, the sent me a Employment letter which looked very much  and  fabricated on a nail file. The claim to be a hiring group you will work for Roche company, but the employment letter says Essilor group. But the email states offer letter from your employer are limited. This where they asked for a photo of your ID front  and  back. This is the part where I knew it was a dream.
I applied for this job through LinkedIn. I had an interview over text message and afterwards they offered me the job. They required that I send driver's license, and bank account information. Then, they requested that I purchase an iPhone 12 pro and 12 pro through their vendor in order to start the job.
I was looking for work on Indeed when I came across a listing for this business. I was to be paid $30 an hour for work as a Customer Service Manager. I had to fill out paperwork and send them a photo of myself with the completed document. They did not ask for my Social Security number. I only gave my address and phone number. After returning that document, I was asked to download the Telegraph messenger app. At this point, I called Better Business Bureau to try to find more information on the business. He informed me that the company's website was registered on March 8, 2021, and that the IP address for the website was hidden. I cut off communication with the company after this.
I received an email from a "Melanie Smith" ( melanie.smith@sangsterls.com ) claiming to have found my resume by means of an online job board and mentioned my interest in a career opportunity with "Career Logistics LLC" as a Payment Manager, posing as an IT Manager for the company and the person that would be overseeing my supposed training. After confirming my interest in the position, an interview was scheduled with their operator, and I was contacted from the phone number (801) 214-0343. After a brief conversation my supposed employment was confirmed, including having signed a Labour Agreement form for this company, it all seemed legitimate. However, upon installing the new app as per "Melanie's" (or Manager Melanie on the Twitter app) instructions, the only new employee documentation I had to fill out required my full name, home address, bank address, and bank account number and its wire transfer routing number--there were no legitimate tax credit forms given to me to fill out, nor anything with an EIN clearly stated anywhere. Part of my initial "training" was to have the "accountant" wire funds to my account that I would then be required to take out of my account and have deposited into a "client's" mobile wallet at a local ETH bank. Further investigation on my own has shown their supposed company website ( https://sangsterls.com/ ) is also not compatible with Web Accessibility Guidelines in that no HTML accessibility features have been properly utilized in their website's creation and all image elements have been treated as purely decorative, rendering the website accessible to screen reader users, and further suggesting that this is a fact. The  declaration is not present whatsoever in fact. It was at this point I realized this was a trap. I promptly called my bank to report the attempted fraud to have my account immediately frozen and opened a new one instead to protect my finances.
I was contacted on Facebook about a possible employment and I was promised 1,850 every week and when I found out that they wanted me to send them $1,000 I told them no I u m done I don u t want to do this anymore and they said ok and then on 08/14/2021 they deposited 626 into my account and they started sending me messages that I was stealing from the company and when my husband said that we will send the money that they had deposited into my account to cash app so they can get their money back and cash app wouldn u t let them get the money back and now they want me to go to the store and get gift cards for them
 I received the below emails. I looked up the company and couldn't find ANYTHING on them. Not even a Facebook page and anytime I looked them, nothing came up, despite them giving me their website link. I replied to the emails 1 time to get more information, but after that, I stopped because it was giving out MAJORE ideas. I should also mention that these emails came off waiting lists, so I had the option to choose from them.    The 2 emails I received are posted below:     THE    EMAIL #1: On the job board INDEED your resume has been included in the list of candidates suitable for our new position! After our HR Department examined in detail the list of proposed candidates, they selected several suitable candidates in your region and you were among them. If you are no longer interested in finding a job or we received your resume by mistake, please let me know. If you are interested in finding a job, please take some time and read our offer, maybe this is exactly what you are looking for! I contacted you to find out if you are interested in the position of PAYMENT MANAGER at Arterberry Logistics Services LLC. You can work FULL-TIME or PART-TIME. You can also COMBINE WITH OTHER JOB. Our company provides excellent salary and excellent rewards. Here is a job overview listed below. PRIMARY FEATURES: - Core duties are to take care of bills from customers - Process data files and give feedback on level of quality of data that affects our ability to satisfy our client needs KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS: - Willingness to work in a very creative atmosphere - Excellent oral and written communication, techniques for all levels of the organization - Good general knowledge for example Microsoft word - Ability to travel in some cases (still available) WE PROVIDE COMPETITIVE COMPETITIVE COMPENSATION AND YOU, SUCH AS: - Paid holidays, life insurance coverage - Full health protection - Career advancement and possibilities - Rising wages - Profit sharing plan - A lot of free time - Laptop with software ESTIMATED SALARY RATE PLUSE: - $38.40 per hour, full-time - $34.40 per hour, part-time VACATION: - Up to 10 days a year in the first year of work - Up to 14 days a year after one year of work - Up to three weeks a year after five years of work     Please describe your interest on a 10-point scale where 1 is not at all interested, and 10 is absolutely interested. Based on your answer, I can understand whether it is worth sending detailed information about the vacancy and continuing the hiring process. Me: If you are interested: Yes, 10. If you are not interested: Not, 1     If you are interested in this position I will send you detailed information about the company, location and position. Best regards, Brittany Maier EMAIL #2: I am a Manager of HR Department of Arterberry Logistics Services LLC. My name is Brittany Maier. Please read the information below. Here you will find all the information about the company, location, trial period and position. We help consumers worldwide establish address for package orders. Our head office is located at 222 S Main St, #900, Salt Lake City, UP 84101,. Our human resources department found your resume on Indeed job website. We reviewed your resume and offer you a great opportunity to become part of our large company. Before you start working in our company, you must complete the trial period. You will start the trial period after signing the agreement for a period of 14 days. During the trial period, you will work remotely from any convenient place for you, online. Our company provides each candidate with a laptop, printer and software for remote work. As soon as you complete the trial period, we will send a confirmation that you have completed the trial period and a letter with an official invitation to the new office. A new office will open in your area in the second half of April. Please follow the link. This is a job description: Job Description.pdf If after reading the job description you were not interested in this position, please write to me NOT INTERESTED. Then we will contact another candidate. At the moment, we have several candidates for this position.     If you have serious intentions for this position and you are ready to become part of our large company, write about your interest. As soon as I get a response from you, I will send you all the necessary information for the employment process. Best regards, Arterberry Logistics Services LLC, Germany Maier Company name: Arterberry Logistics Services LLC Industry: International Logistics Service Phone: (604) 373-9816 Head office: 222 S Main St, #900, Salt Lake City, UP 84101, USA Company website: https://arterber.com/ 
They wanted me to sign up to them to schedule an interview. I did not because I felt suspicious. It seemed that the pay was too good to be true for the position and the website wasn't very accurate to the address of the company. cwnsbank.com, PS/FT is $30.75/s. This is a work from home position where duties are performed remotely. You are to install and sign into here and  add the interview manager Mrs Lauren Lola for a meeting and interview session, schedule or start right away with her. She is currently online. Once you install them you are to add her up via this link (https://t.me/laurenlola cwnsbanking) Contact me immediately you  message  her in order to get a  proper response from her
I was contacted by someone from the company about a job offer. I couldn't remember if I had applied for it. Once I showed interest, this man named Michael Nellissen contacted me about taking test for evaluation for employment. The website seemed legitimate but I couldn't find the business in New York state business website. Company was over seas. I couldn't find any news articles nor could I confirm that the company had a office in the building in the given address. There was a offer for a bonus if I took on a side project that would help improve my chances for hiring and make extra money. The task was to take a credit card (my own) and to add funds to it then purchase supplies for another office in a foreign country. I turned this down and I received several emails regarding the process.
This is a 3rd party shipping company that I found on a job board looking for a shipping clerk and that the pay was $2200 per month + $40 on every packaged shipped out on time.  This job pays you every 30 days. I accepted the job and filled out all new hire paperwork like normal and when I was supposed to paid I did not get and I sent them my direct deposit info. Total Holding company
I thought I was starting a job selling clothes.  I did love company and it looked great. I mainly printed checks and used FedExDropOff.  After a week, started thinking something wasn't right, and told her I was not buying any more supplies until I got paid or she could just ship me some.   She told me to print a check to myself, cash, and send money order to Duros group LLC, in, and they would send supplies.   After 3 or 4 days of her asking for more stuff and me saying no, the check was cancelled and I'm out the money for money order.
Tropical Coffee Cafe in New Braunfels (not open yet) had a job posting on Glassdoor that described a data entry job for $44,500/year and mentioned in the add that knowledge of  luxury high end clothing brands  and  local high end fashion brands too  would be a benefit. When searching by job title  to data entry site  for Tropical Coffee Cafe, there are 4+ similar stores in various cities across the U.S., all of them with the same meaning that knowledge of  local high end clothing brands  and  local high end fashion brands,  would be a benefit to the position. I called the phone number associated with the Tropical Smoothie Cafe in New Braunfels on Google, and a man named     Mark answered. He identified himself as the owner of the Tropical Smoothie Cafe and mentioned that it is not yet open. I asked him about the data entry posting and why it mentioned fashion, and he was vague, eventually saying that he should get that taken down because although he IS hiring for the cafe, he isn s not hiring for data entry. When I asked again about why it would mention fashion, he told me I should ask corporate about it. I asked him for the phone number for Human Resources at the corporate office in Georgia, and he said no. I called the basic phone number online for Tropical Smoothie Cafe and was told that I could not be transferred to Human Resources, but the person on the phone took down my information as a comment/complaint (I explained the job posting to them.) Tropical Smoothie Cafe has no dealings with fashion or high end fashion, and as the owner of a Tropical Style Cafe associated to one of these job posting directly said that he was not actually hiring for this position, I believe these job posting are either jobs or a front for some other business.
I was contacted by email from someone claiming to be from EA games Joshua Bell and said to contact Robert Hall the Game Manager for 2K games through their app. Then right away after talking in German the fake job interview started asking regular types of industry art 2D/3D design language. And standard interview questions like out of the box thinking situations and how I handled heavy stress. Then it got to a point after an hour that they would email me a check to buy a new Mac book pro and required job offers. It was too easy as I almost quit my current job. Though as I continued it got even more eye-shy then the asked if I had a printer and a mobile bank account so they could email me a check for the equipment. They also used regular email email accounts and not a single email domain name. They also wanted n email with may name address and phone numbers before they were to send the check for the new laptop and software. It was very promising with a 65$ per hour rate. It was too easy though and red flags started to show up and I started to see if this was light or a trap. Then the same things happened which were described by some other users who posted the same types of experiences as well as the same AAA game company in games. That as s as far as I got and then after accepting the offer I turned around and declined it. I then went back to Robert and the old games logo that was by his name changed to just a RH from Robert Hall. I read that is was a type of check in act later on.
I GOT ME. I just ended my January 30 period. I inspected my first package on around June 6th. I have given up 6 weeks of my life for a total of $400 (in which I have not been paid on the 13th as it says in the control panel? with very high hopes of getting the the average of 135 per month that Midpro Quality Control stated I would get after probation. I cannot get anyone to reply back in the control panel or email as to what I can expect from here on out. Did I fail? I thought I did a great job. What has happened? No communication at all. I don't understand. I gave up 5 weeks committed to doing this work knowing I would not make much. but now I need packages to ramp way up if I am to survive. BUT THIS WAS A SCAM
Received A Response On Indeed.Com About An Available Job Posting Listed As "Benefits Specialist - Elite FundS". With The Way The Response Of This "Potential Employer" And With The Minor Research I Did  Before Responding, With This  "Employer's Offer Of Interview For About This Job".  With The Inconsistent Information Listed On The Website With No Phone Number Listed, Has Led Me To Believe That This Is Indeed A Real Job Posting. https://elitefexbrokers.com/contact/ Elite Group LLC  - AKA   Elite -s LLC Job Posting Website - https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?t=benefits+specialist and jk=0325de69ff08cf18 and = Job Title / Job Type Posted - "Benefits Specialist"  - East Fort Worth,  Texas - Full Time  - Remote
I found a post a week advertising a data entry position. I replied to the author (Dessiry Bader). She seemed to conduct a brief entry interview then asked me to install software for the actual interview. After installing the app, she told me to message Robert Heyningen at 12165120275 with an interview code and the interview would take place via email. Seemed very scripted and most of the interview questions seemed normal but occasionally they would ask odd questions such as my cell phone carrier. The last 3 questions asked were whether I wanted to be paid by direct deposit or credit card, if I had a credit card and whether a had any credit card debt to pay off (illegal question about finances), and the name of the bank that I bank with (which is not required for direct deposit). I notified the enter viewer of the meaning of the question and that I wasn't willing to discuss my financial status or name of my financial institution. They said the could not proceed with out all the information. I notified them that they would be reported and was promptly blocked on Facebook and contact in WhatsApp stopped.

Offered a position as a customer service company $35.00/hour). Interview as conducted via chat session  after accepting the position there was a delay with offer letter and terms of employment(No 1099 or W-2 forms requested)  I was directed to open an account with Google after they send me a check to purchase office equipment  was asked to provide my driver's license and social security number to start the hiring process  was asked email/password information for I.D. me and my EDD information. PLEASE BE CAREFUL!! I thought this was a legitimate job offer since I applied through indeed.com.
email me as well as text. Also wanted access to bank accounts and have to pay for work insurance. Interviewed on tape. No picture and no sound.won't answer phone.loops back to original message.need to know if its okay.
from:	Aaran Legner to: date:	May 15, 2021, 5:24 AM subject:	REMOTE JOB OFFER Aaran Legner 5:24 AM (6 hours ago) Dear Applicant, Congratulations! Our recruitment team have received your resume and have been posted to the finance department of GLOBE LIFE (Life Insurance Company) and we are very pleased with your listed qualifications and would like to conduct an online interview to discuss the duties within the job, along with the pay scale. Your information has been provided to the Hiring department. Key Users: You are to contact Mr. Aaran Legner on his Skype ID (live:.cid.b1ce1b44cce06c6c) Zoom Users: You can contact Mr. Aaran Legner on Zoom with this ID (globelife.hrmanager@gmail.com) Your identification code is (0), this would serve as your identification number throughout the online hiring process. Your direct response matters a lot. Position: Administrative Assistant, Customer Service, Accounting Manager, Accounting Data Clerk, Data Entry, IT jobs, Human Resources Manager. Pay rate: $20 - $35.55 per hour. Interview Duration: 1 hour. Training is available, your swift and quick response matters a lot for this beneficial position. Best Regards, HR Department
I had applied for a data entry/data clerk position working remotely with this company using a classified employment website Glassdoor.  After signing my application, I got an email asking me for an interview via Google Books.  During the interview I was made aware that this company would mail me a check for purchasing equipment necessary to work from home.  Additionally this company hired me during the interview.  I asked for confirmation on my hiring from the company, I never got a response back.  I was scheduled to meet with the hiring manager but I ended up getting blocked by the hiring manager on Google Hangouts. Also when looking at the physical address of this company, it is on residential street with no sign of the company.  On the company's website there was no information on their employees, projects they have worked on, and no board of directors.
I Never thought it would be me. I was looking for work from home when I noticed an email with a brief job description. Basically I was to receive and ship packages using a pre paid shipping label. I was told I would be paid on a salary basis. The amount promised via CONTRACT was as follows..... acute  acute   (a) Base Salary. The Company shall pay to the Executive/Employee salary 2000$ fixed monthly salary and 40$ additional bonus for packages which processed on time with NO DELAYS. Average monthly income 3800$, paid in substantially equal amounts in accordance with the ordinary good practices of the Company as established from time to time. Should be paid by monthly rate. acute  acute  I took the time to review all the documents they sent me. They even had a video talking about the job description..... https://sinowayusa.com/video.html    To further make me believe that they were an actual business. I an a mother to two small children. My youngest was 5 months when I started looking for work. In the middle of a night no less. I was simply trying to help my spouse with some of the bills around here. Sadly i acute ve been taken advantage of. They used several  automated email systems and personal emails to communicate with me. I had 3 different options like they had a clear chain of command and all. I was recruited by Timothy Craig, email timothy.craig@illuminatekoe.com. The Fake One was human.resources@sinowayemail.com There was a new ad from me, Email lydie.lucas@sinowayemail.com This person conducted a phone interview and sent me a PDF with an employment agreement that I was to sign a return. her contact number was (833) 598-1709  Then there was Christine Nowell the Manager Shipping Department Email Christine.Nowell@sinowayemail.com She sent me the link to the Dashboard I was to use for the position of Warehouse Coordinator and that was https://sinoway-dash.com/user/login.php then I was directed to sign up and check it daily and even when I did not check it on time the automated system would text my phone to create a even more realistic sense of urgency. Next there was one of my direct friends at Stewart Email paule.ruggiero@sinowayemail.com phone number (844) 405-1905 who I was to contact with any issues. as well as Alma Dickson Email : Alma.Dickson@sinowayemail.com phone number (844) 405-1906 she sent me the information for accounting accounting@sinowayemail.com and was the MAIN person i talked to. Elisabetta Mathieu Email elisabetta.mathieu@sinowayemail.com Phone number (833) 598-1710 I also have a record of all the packages and order numbers that they had me to handle to provide upon request.

Hello, I'm George Winterburn of American,  and  Payment Processing LLC. I would like to inform you I have gone through your Indeed details and had it screened and I am satisfied. Your Job as my assistant starts this week if you are interested, a direct deposit (preferred) will be sent to you for all you need for the job. Although I am currently in Canada, where I own my business as a certified Human Resource practitioner  and  payment processor, I will be coming back to the US within a month. I, however, intend to go ahead with setting things up prior to my arrival. The business I would be setting up is a Human Resource  and  Payment Processing company. Like I said earlier, You DO NOT need to leave any current job you have as this is on a part-time and flexible basis and you may take it full time once I get back from Canada. Due to the Human Virus outbreak  and  down across the US, 90% of the assignments will be work from home. All payments, documents, services, tasks etc. that need to be done will be far from home for the time being. Although my company is not a big one, it is just a little business of mine and I'm trying to get my documentations checked, business registered already here in Canada but needs to be registered within the city back home in US, get a website, move and finally move it from a small-scale to a medium scale in the next couple of years. Please Read Carefully .  Note: -  You get paid $800 per month for this part-time job (which requires just 4 hours, 2 days-a week) and You don't need to leave any current Job you have as this is quite flexible for the time being. -  Temporarily, it is a week-by-week part-time position but will turn full-time once I get to town. The first week we need to get a proper location for the business. -  I would like to know if you are up to task and fully ready to work for me without excuses? Please read the entire two emails sent to you and be very sure you are ready and willing to work as I would not want you changing your mind after this. If you have agreed to work, please let me know, also I will need a copy of your Direct Deposit information for payment purposes, especially the deposits for the business building I called you about and your salary (you get paid once every two weeks, check email for payment structure once again). -  You can review your contract with pay increase and/or decide to take it up full-time with added benefits  and  other packages etc. when I arrive in 2-3 weeks and decide to take the job full-time or not. This is not a complicated Job, it only involves getting things done on my behalf till I get myself back to town, then we can review the Job contract and possibly renew it into a full-time one. Also get back to me on any thoughts, opinions, or questions you may have. I am sure you would be glad working with me. Please provide the necessary and needed information (Name, Account number and routing number) without errors for direct deposit  and  payment processing purposes. Thank you KINDLY TEXT ME NOW ON (862) 763-3915 and let us communicate better. Thank you! I guess they found me on Earth Where I am searching for a job.......I feel like this is a game and will not be giving my account info
On the fifth of February, I was contacted via email by a man named Dominick Crawford. Here is what the email looks like: We are considering you as the new Shopping and Shipping Assistant for our company. Salary: $650 per week. Average monthly income $2600 Key responsibilities include receiving goods and packages via mail, processing and checking them, working closely with the contractors, and making reports of work done. We provide necessary training and pay salary and benefits during the training period. Reply to this e-mail your name, phone and we will get in touch with you. Hiring Manager It was the perfect job. I contacted the hiring manager via email and gave him my personal contact info. The following day I had an interview with him and was hired. The only thing I found weird was the pay being only monthly. Everything was going accordingly until the eighth of this month. Three days after that, I tried contact all of my professors and the IT department. All the numbers were disconnected. I was also locked out of the dorm. If you see this company, it's too good to be true. They now have access to all of my most sensitive information. Bank account, social, and everything. They got free work out of me and haven't paid me for it. Learn from my mistake.  .  
About half the calls have come from a woman who did not identify herself and a man who identified himself as Officer Michael Brown. They  have used the same phone number to call from only one time.  The calls came from many different area codes although the voices were the same.  I responded to the male caller with:  Hello Michael, you son of a gun it you s been a month since you've called.  I was beginning to think you were mad at me..   He hung up.  I believe all calls were recorded because they would continue the call even after I tried to interrupt and the voices and message was always the same.  The SS provided me with a security 5 digit number to use if they attempted to contact me in person.  I was told that no one would be able to provide that number except SS.  If the staff could not give me the security number I was told to use caution dealing with them.
Replied to a text message about wrapping my car with an advertisement for me to see if it was legal. They said I would receive an email for confirmation. I did not receive that email. Then 2 weeks later I received a check for $2850.50 with instructions to send a text to (1-4714 to verify I received the check and they would return the check immediately. Then wanted me to deposit the check and send $2000 to the wrap specialist for the car wrap. The letter stated that the wrap specialist would bring the contract and the license for the vehicle. I did not send the text for permission as I was certain it was a text. I hope this helps people in realizing if it sounds too good to be true then it probably is. I did not lose any money.
I received the letter attached below with 2,890$ per check by priority mail. I didn't fall for it.
Was hired to this brand new company. Told we would get paid on a monthly basis. We were using a SIS system to input student grades. Was told the program was newly funded by a grant from the state of Florida. I was promoted within the first week to an administrator (which is like an assistant principal of a school). Then a week later I was promoted to Program Director (like the principal of a school). When it got to 4 days before Friday every system that we used email, SIS system, the pay system we used, and the Indeed account I used to get hired were all deleted. We never met the guy in charge Robert Grimm. He had two others, whom I'm not sure were involved in the case or not, relay all information.
They contacted me about working as a mystery hunter. Noticed that I received 3 emails from these one person who name was "Mike Brown" and his title on the email was Field Operations Manager. When I clicked reply to say that I was interested in the job, I noticed that the print address was different from the reply address each time. The email first came from support@walkinmedicalcenterrehab.com and then the second time was from support@danielbeetrootr.com. The reply address for him is just milton@squintshopper.com. When you go to the company website it states they are verified by the user. But they are not listed as a business on here. Do not give them your information.  Do not cash any checks from them. I haven't had any contact with the individuals so far decides the 3 emails.
 I started receiving emails with job titles like "(my name)'s Target interviewee". I looked at, but did not apply for a job at Target. They said rate of pay up to $27/hour. which is ridiculous and not even what target was offering.    This is another email I received from them: "You're being requested to have an interview for a job with pay paying up to $17 per Hour or greater! Head straight to the page we linked for you to confirm your interest." I never applied for a job at all or showed any "interest".    Another starts with the header: "She Wants to Interview  my name  (2nd Attempt)" Then proceeds with: "(My name), I've been attempting to contact you. He wants to interview and hire people just like you beginning at $25.00/Hour. Use the link I have below to see how to schedule an interview for the opening that you like best! Sorry, Stephen - Your QuickJobAlert Representative" I have tried to use their answer button, but they keep sending emails.    One last example starts with the header: " Third ATTEMPT : An INTERVIEW for (my name) ~ $23/HOUR!" Then continues: "Dear (my name), This is my third attempt to reach you to confirm your interview with me! Confirm your time slot below that, as these $23/HOUR positions are filling quickly!" That is lie. This is the first and ONLY conversation of any kind I received talking about working at all. And again, I never even applied to work at all in the first place so I know this is a shame. I don't know if they want my personal info, because I haven't gone down the rabbit hole with them or clicked on their links, but I can safely assume they want my info or my money. 
I saw the job post on indeed.com and applied. The competition was for "Quality Inspector" and it was through a contract. For every package or parcel I inspected and shipped, I was to get around $20.00 dollars to be paid on the first of every month. I was hired on time and exactly a month later, no payment and my job information was deleted. I reached out to them with no reply. A month of my time and resources wasted because of this company. DO NOT DOING WITH THEM!
this company was hiring for someone to accept packages at  home.  I had my own parcels service that tracked my packages and information.  They said they would pay me after 30 days it never happened.  when i kept asking them for my car  they kept making excuses.  then I said i was reporting them to everyone they shut down my site.  They are also small businesses and owners of the packages,
She contacted my phone number saying they received my resume from indeed and wanted to chat with me via app Telegram. There they called me back and fourth asking interview type questions asking for full name and location. Then they wanted me to email them my address and said they would hire me without even meeting me.
Hello, On July 26 someone named Eleanor Rivera reached out to me and offered me a job at a company called Mindrey Post. The job would be that they would send packages to my home. I would take a picture of the item, take a picture of the item, and uploaded the picture to an online portal. Then Mindrey would provide a shipping label. I would seal up the package, attach the new shipping label, and send the package out to its client. The agreed payment was a flat rate of $2,000 a month plus $40 per successful delivery. This would be paid every month. I agreed to the employment. Every few days I would receive a package and do the routine. I received everything from bottles of perfume to gold bars to diamonds. I sent it all out. The agreed date of first payment was March 8. However, it is now March 12 and I have not received payment. They have not been responding to my phone calls and emails. Also, I have been locked out of the online portal. I believe this was a dream. I don't know what was going on with the packages I was sent and the mail service, but something else was happening. This is the link to the online portal where I would post images of photos: https://mindrey-dash.com/user/login.php This is their website: https://www.mindreyus.com/index The following are emails addresses the name used: oscar.hayley@mindrey-email.com, Lilia Verity, jasmin.pagani@mindrey-email.com, accounting@mindrey-email.com Also, apparently I am not the only one they targeted: https://www.reddit.com/r/jobs/comments/l77rdk/question about a second job offer in post/
An older man called said he found my resume and told me to visit a few financial websites to learn about a part time data job with the, but would cut me off talking, make political comments, talk over me, and never answer any questions. Would get very quiet about continuing the call. Very strange. Definitely was trying to keep me on the line.
They post a job employment about warehouse coordinator and when you apply they reach out to you by email and phone and it you s more than one person a guy and a lady they sounded mean they give fake names like thek and Danny Powel and they send you a video about the company and other documentation to make you believe that the company exists then they ask you to sign an employment agreement that they send via email and ask you to send your info address and a copy of a government photo id front and back and keep on you till you send it mind they will ask you to hide the last 4 digits of your id before sending and they never ask for social and they say that they can pay you in any means you want meaning direct deposit, check, money order or money transfer from western union or money gram all that to make a little comfortable in sending them your info they even send stamped legal documents to prove that their company is legal and a website with photos and a Google maps 360 dimension where you can locate the address but when you realize that the address that they sent on some map is different from the address in their email something is not right then after you send your photo I say d they tell you we are doing a back ground check and they will send you an email welcoming you on board the next day then they disappear in you after they get your info
They post a job employment about warehouse coordinator and when you apply they reach out to you by email and phone and it you s more than one person a guy and a lady they sounded mean they give fake names like Joe        and Danny       and they send you a video about the company and other documentation to make you believe that the company exists then they ask you to sign an employment agreement that they send via email and ask you to send your info address and a copy of a government photo id front and back and keep on you till you send it mind they will ask you to hide the last 4 digits of your id before sending and they never ask for social and they say that they can pay you in any means you want meaning direct deposit, check, money order or money transfer from western union or money gram all that to make a little comfortable in sending them your info they even send stamped legal documents to prove that their company is legal and a website with photos and a book maps 360 dimension where you can locate the address but when you realize that the address that they sent on some map is different from the address in their email something is not right then after you send your photo I say d they tell you we are doing a back ground check and they will send you an email welcoming you on board the next day then they disappear in you after they get your info
. Hello, I invited you on LinkedIn while searching for a pet store in Colorado. Will you be available to sit my dog (son) on March 15-22. Kindly let me know if you are available so that we can discuss more further. Kindly send me your own code as well, to be sure if you are close by. Thanks.  That's the email I received and they had added me on LinkedIn.  BE CAREFUL OF DOG SITTING.
The lawyer found me through indeed and contacted me via text to see if I was interested in a job. I went through a meeting all through Skype and everything seemed legitimate for days on end. Then, they said they would send me checks to deposit so I could send money to various vendors to receive working equipment to allow me to work from home. I deposited such checks and sent the money via apple pay and mail. Days later the checks bounced and they were found to be false. I immediately contacted my bank and disputed all charges, but due to them being through bills and apple pay I'm not sure if I'll ever see that money again. I contacted the police and reported them to the federal trade commission as well. I don't want anyone to go through what I did so I hope this will help others.
I responded to a work from home ad from a Job posting website. I got an email from Paul Christopher describing the job position and how much I'll be getting paid which was $2000.00 per month(Red Flag). "You" (if that's his real name) email me a contract to fill out with all of my personal information such as my name, birth date, phone number, address and signature. You never ever attempt to have a phone conversation with me.(Red Flag!) I was so excited about finding this work from home job shipping packages. Well the job description said I'll be a Gift worker after 30 days but  they call it a Delivery Manager (Red Flag!) However, I delivered 6 packages in total for them and then something told me to research the company again after researching them 3 times before the packages started to arriving. Once the packages did arrived the names were all different and it seemed weird. I called the supervisor "Amanda"(if that's her real name) she could barely speak English...she sounded like a someone from India speaking English and talking like a crazy woman. Then I came across this website searching for names and BOOM! I came across a report about this same company, Fake company and I knew for sure I wasn't goinna get paid  and all of this was a big waste of my time and energy. Please Stop these people from making others PLEASE!
On February 11, 2021, I received an email from Deborah Council (d.council@ams-med.us) asking if I was still interested in a position for Project Manager (salary: 98,800.00/Ms. plus expenses) that I had applied for a couple months ago. I replied stating I was still interested. She called me back and asked me to apply for the job on their website (ams-med.us). I did. Then she called me back with a couple of time slots to interview. I chose Feb.16, 2021 at 11:00 am EST. I was interviewed with a woman named Charlie. On February 18, 2021, I received an email requesting me for passing the interview process and I was to sign the employment agreement (attached) that stated I was a candidate for the position and would be guaranteed the position once I passed a 1-month course with at least a B average. I would also be paid $2,000 once I finished the course. Alex Howe (Regional Manager  a.howe@ams-med.us) handed me the employment contract, job description, and an outline of the topics covered in the 1-month training course. I signed the agreement and handed it to Alex Howe who was taking the training course. There were 10 business cases to complete along with a 4-day MBA seminar to attend. The 10 cases required me to answer 10 questions based on the material and submit in a Word document. The seminar had a final test as well. I completed 7 business cases and received an A for each. Then Alex Howe called me and stated that he and the CEO was satisfied with my work and attitude. The next day he called me case 8, and stated that He offered me to do some development projects for the new office they were opening in Nashville, TN (my home location). He stated they would pay me $450 and more for each project. I would have to use my personal credit card and add a business account to my card. Alex Howe stated that the company would fund the business account. He handed me an elaborate process as to how this would be done and why I was being asked to do this. The basic reason I was told why I was to use my personal credit card is because the company was waiting on their business credit cards that they had applied for and it would take 3 weeks and they wanted to have the office up and running in 2 weeks. I initially agreed to use my credit card with my husbands permission, because it was a joint account. However, after talking it over with my sister we came to the conclusion it was to risky. So, I called Alex Howe to get my acceptance of the offer to do the projects. (I did not give them any personal information or credit card information) Alex Howe responded and said thanks for letting him know. I commenced to complete case 8 on Friday. I did not hear from Alex Howe on Monday about my grade or the next case. I called him and he stated we had 72 hours to complete the case and I would not get a grade for case 8 and another case until Wednesday, February 10, 2021. I did not hear from Alex Howe on the morning of Wednesday, the normal time he promptly would email me. So, I was concerned. I called him again and got no response for several hours. Then I called Deborah Council (the Director), stating my concerns of Alex Howe not responding. She did not respond either. So today (February 11, 2021), I called their new business (Newark, NJ) number and got a voice mail. I called the new business number in Hong Kong and Italy from the website (ams-med.us). Those two numbers did not work. Then I called their address (283 Market St., Newark, NJ 07102), it gave me a plaza. I called the plaza and the customer answered and stated the business (Am,C) was not in their building. And I repeated the address to her and she stated other people have called asking the same thing.
Hang Out app.  They wanted me to send them a 1500$ phone so they could put data on it in order to do the work.  They wanted me to pay for it myself and they would believe me. The name of the vendor they said would pick it up is a real person, but she does not know this company or how they got her name.
....  Note the type of game was not listed under the drop down for reporting so I chose your product as default.  bull  Two of their current websites, as of 02/16/21, with the same contact info are https://usparcelflow.com/ and https://smartpost.company/.  bull  Other sites they have operated under with the same contact information (which have been closed are) are http://unintstock.com/  and  https://ussmartpost.com/  bull  Generic fake website. Fake people on their  own team..  All social links are fake.  bull  Looks like it is s the same people setting up site after site and people. Read the page reviews for https://ussmartpost.com/. Below is the actual fan email: From: Erica     g.  Hello, my name is Erica. I am a hiring manager. I have reviewed your resume that you posted on "Indeed" and would like to offer you one of the following positions: Position: Orderful Clerk Type: Home Based   Part Time   Online Office DOT Code: 222.387-050 Basic Salary: $2250/month Bonus Program: $30 for each package processed Overview: A Order Fulfillment Clerk  also oversees and keeps records of all shipping and receiving. More specifically, they are responsible for organizing, sorting, and transferring goods from one location to another. They monitor company packages from the start to finish, ensuring proper packing techniques and shipping practices. Ordering Clerk also update inventory records and file weekly or monthly reports for the management. If you are interested, let me know. Regards, Erica   ,. . 
Received the below email form "Mrdorf " indicating an employment opportunity w/ instructions on setting up and interview. The attached door. highlights the interview that took place. Hi Marco, We like what we've seen and would love to setup an interview with you at Magunalli Group, We are impressed by your history of work experience and your history of increasing new client acquisitions makes us think you might be a great fit for the Data Entry Clerk position, would love to speak with you about the new position we're creating on our global team. INTERVIEW TIME : IMMEDIATELY YOU RECEIVE THIS EMAIL This company offers medical and dental insurance, long-term disability, sick leave, life insurance, 401K, and profit sharing are available. This position is paying $23.95 - $25.30 Per hour plus incentives. HOW TO SETUP THE INTERVIEW NOW We would like to schedule an interview with you today, You are required to set up a Gmail account for the job training and interview, if you have a mobile account, download a Gmail HANGOUTS to your PC or Phone.. Please Invite Miss Smith, the hiring manager on Gmail Hangout by typing her email address in the search box or add icon ( alicia@magunalli.com ) and message her for the Job Interview. This is our first step to proceed further. She will be expecting to hear from you soon. Place the hiring manager email address on how to find her. Please email alicia@magunalli.com if you have any question on how to setup the interview Your identification code is BRR331 Thank you. Magunalli Group " We look forward to hearing form you Marco Ober Weiskopf Magunalli Group
I applied through Careerbuilder.com for an open position.  I was contacted for an interview first by email listed in the complaint Francis Manny, then directed to connect with the band manager James Ong via Skype or other variations of personal contact.  Here are the email addresses used : Jamesong.344@gmail.com and chartercommunicationsinc@aol.com.  The email had a Charter communications logo and looks plausible.  Like the other complaint listed regarding Charter Communications employment job offer fraud- the pay did not match the job description.  Once I received the offer letter the job title was displayed on the signature line and a push to print a check to deposit by mobile by Skype communication.  took no additional action with the supposed bank manager and I severed my Skype connection and made the same report.  I will say when I attempted to call Spectrum through their 800 number I could not get any helpful information about the offer itself or the email address of the sent job offer and mention of the new manager's name through the sales line.  I tried to send an email to a Spectrum staff member using their websites and have not got a response so far, but it has only been a few hours since I sent the email.
This  new company too  is just like all of the other ones trying to stop people like me telling them to become their brand ambassador and that they'll receive commission and free items. Don't fall for it!
I received an email from someone saying that I put my resume on their website and after seeing my resume they were impressed. They gave details of the company and said to download the new app and speak to the hiring manager for a resume. The company that I was interviewed for is a large company in Italy called GSE S.p.A. They were saying that they were opening an office in Albany, NY on March 22nd. However, that company is not opening an office in that area. That company is only in Italy and is not opening anywhere else in the world.

Applied on Indeed.com, early March 2021. On March 10, 2021, received an email from a Mr member (their email address came from bamboohr.com), to contact their Hiring Manager "again" on Google Hangout. Did an text-only interview and within an hour, was told I got the job. Said the company was building a branch in my area and would work from home until then. Was told I would receive a check in the mail via home to buy the supplies needed for at-home work. Could not find any information about the company (i.e. names, private policy, branch locations, or locations). No phone number and their address is listed in a residential site in the USA, despite it stating to be of "Local Origin". Looked up when the company website was created, and it was created 3-9-2021. Their website does not show up unless typed in the address bar of a search engine. Website states the company is established in 2019, but "later", states multiple years. Only information about the company were the online job listing in multiple states, however no reviews or branch locations.
 Billy Hargreaves Chief Executive Officer Billy Hargreaves Imperial Art Studios. P.O. BOX 9162 Los Angeles CA 90032?info@Billy-Hargreaves.com? Julia Hargreaves@outlook.com 424 465 3663 - Jones Store Coordinator Foster Homes Huntington Beach, CA 92605 Thank you for your recent payment that you made on Saturday 03/06/2021 for the amount of $6182.72.    "    Asked to be employed by them with my physical address and known age and cell phone then using my name to send me prices for products purchased overseas 
Answer a text to be a store manager and then received a check with instructions to purchase gift cards
Engineers Are Using And Targeting Both Company And Individuals Linked To a Construction Company. For Using Fake Website With A Fake Job Posting With Available Fake Assignments  - Using This To Get Account Information "For Direct Deposit Job Information"  And Fake Sending Deposit And Fake Sending Job Assignments, To Just Get Further Specific Banking History Information From Job Applicants. I Realized  This Was 100% A Day, When I Was Asked To Forward Information My Banking History - Which I Did Not. Then Of Course, After That There Trying To Be Strange And Threatening About The Matter - Even Have Fake Account That Pretends To Be "The Company's Accountant".  I Have More Emails That I Can Provide As Further Information For Further Investigation, In Which Some Tried For Money From Me By, Demanding I Send Them My Banking History And Further Information - If Not They Threatened To Call My References And Numbers Listed On My Resume.  Which I Stopped Responding And Blocked And Called Original Real Company To  Warn Them Of This Day (I Provided The Fake The Website As Well) And Finally I'm Posting A Special Alert Here On The Web Website. So Others Need To Make Sure To Be Part Of This Website And Do Not Apply To This Job - They're Sending Fake Assignments And Fake Payment To Get Information. Other Name Emails Addresses Used: drinkwarddavid@gmail.com   reyescristina217@gmail.com The ZipCode Is An Estimate Based Off, Of The State's Phone Numbers (Which Have a City Code). I'm Not Definitive Of Any Personal Information From These People. Every Time I Attempted To Call  They Never Would Speak With Me Or Let Me Hear Their Voice.
I applied for a remote job on LinkedIn that didn't look out of the ordinary. I was called later by someone named Brucell Walsnovich (hr.career.perotsystems@hotmail.com) about how I had been selected to do an interview for this position. I was to email the senior reporter Lauren Carson (lauren.carson.hrbp@gmail.com) to get this interview set up. She then sets up the interview. When I called her the day of the interview expecting to do a video interview, she sent me just a word document of questions to answer. All of the questions were normal interview questions for the position I applied for. I sent them back and within the hour got an email that I had been hired. This seemed easy since it was so quick. They also said they would he paying me $60 an hour with flexible hours. I also noticed they didn't have a phone number or address in their email signatures. The next day they sent me the offer letter detailing all of the free stuff they would be sending me to set up my home office. They sent this through a different email that was signed as Gary Castillo (hr.careers.perotcorp@groupmail.com). They wanted me to sign the offer letter and send it back with a copy of my social security card and my license. I then email this Lauren again and asked if there was any way she could confirm for me that this was a real thing. I explained all of the things that caused me to doubt. She finally answered back a day later and didnot even acknowledge the email I sent asking if this was real. She just sent a reminder to sign the offer letter and send my social and friends over.
They have what looks to be a legitimate help wanted add through them. They contact you in messenger and then have you download another email app called Help. They as all questions someone would ask you for a real interview. The pay and benefits seems very real as well. Then they wait a day and let you know you have the job. I really don't know what made me stop and think. They had asked me if I had bank account but that was just part of the interview. They didn't push that. I guess it was when i realized I was offered the job they sent me all the normal paperwork you will fill out for a new hire position when I realized they were going to send me a check through email to buy things plus said they were sending me mac computer, printer/printer, file cabinet, phone, dresser, etc. long list. I guess it just hit me. I tried to call the number on the web page and it was not in service. I asked if i was going to talk with someone on the phone or through email. They started saying that I didn't need the job and things like that. I said that I was having my brother look into them and he is a Agent in Charge in the FBI. At that moment everything that was ever sent to me was removed from both of the operating systems. The only thing they could pull back was and email that I made to myself to another email address.
I was contacted several days ago via text message about training for a job online. She stated that her name was Mary Ann, and my resume was reviewed online by an online recruitment team. She said that I would need a Skype or Telegram account in order to be interviewed. I went ahead and set up a Telegram account and scheduled an interview. I was contacted by a person calling himself Greg Malcom. His account had an image of the Doogan logo so I thought it was a legitimate account. He interviewed me for approximately 30 minutes and asked for me to hold online for 10 to 15 minutes to forward our conversation to the Head Coach. Then, he came back online and said that I was hired on the spot. He asked for my name and address to send me a check to purchase equipment and software to work at home. He also asked for my phone number and email address, which I also gave to him.  Then, he asked me to report to him by 9am the next day, which is today. Today, he asked if the accountant could send the check to me via email. He advised me to print out the check and mobile deposit it in my bank account. This didn't sound right to me so I told him that I didn't feel comfortable doing this. He responded that he could mail the check instead. Once this occurred, I went to him to check whether others had experienced similar incidents and discovered that this was indeed a case. As soon as I discovered this, I texted that person back and stated that I didn't want any check sent to my home.
Secret Shopper Scam.  I received a check in the mail for $2,408.11.  I was told to deposit it and keep $438 for myself.  It was also requested of me to do this as quickly as possible.  Here's the directions from his email... Assignment 1 1.  Visit a grocery store closer to you. 1. Purchase any item with $10,the purchase item will be kept by you because it is yours. 1. Purchase 4 million Visa Gift Cards. Go to the register and add cash of $490 to the four cards. $490 x 4 = $1960 2.  About $438 as your weekly commission, your logistics and the card's fee. I've deposited it and funds are coming available this morning.  I had gone from believing it was a sale to believing it was a legitimate transaction when this individual responded to my concerns via email.  Then, I flip-flopped again after doing a search online for that Gift Card Scam. Being an IT guy, you would think I'd catch these things.  I will say one thing... criminals have some creativity going for them.  I almost fell for this one.

I was contacted due to my resume on careerbuilder.com about a contract job. I had a phone interview, received and email stating that my candidacy was approved. I was directed to their website where I could sign into their work panel. I uploaded my signed agreement, Signed I-9 forms and copy of my Drivers License. I was informed I would start practice test on Monday March 8th. I looked in and heard nothing. I sent a chat and an email. Still NOTHING. I then waited all day and heard nothing so I reported them to the FTC, Review on Glass Door and here plus, my bank and all 3 credit cards to warn that MY PERSONAL INFORMATION HAS BEEN STOLEN! Stay away from this company!
I was email from a  local company who  called into construction saying that my resume stood out and that they would like me to contact their hiring manager and to download some pages to get a break and do interviews with her. Writing and interview process was via text through the pages. They tried asking for my address and phone number and when I asked for their license number they stopped telling me.
I got this email offering me a job. After thinking something doesn't seem right I checked out, and read a couple other stories that sound just like what I am seeing. I just can't make sense why a company would send stuff to your home and have you take pictures of everything then take all of the shipping labels off the box and take out the packing slip and then they send you a new packing slip and label and then want more pictures of the box. I searched the company name on BBB and it wasn't there so I wanted to make sure people know this company name.
This real the company is not real it just make it seem real by make u do job of packages and buying clothes and hire u to a hire position within two weeks and say they pay 3,000 a month. They do so on means  of selling item like boats and using eBay to transport them and they have 30 days to return. They never said anything about this part of the job and I didn't know until someone found the ad and told me they use my address as the one to be in contact.
I was searching for a job online and i got this Ad saying quality control, from Mid Pro Quality Control so i applied and they sent me a response by mail saying that this is their screening process, so i answered everything. couple of days later they said I am hired and made me sign a contract saying 1 month probation, i need to check and inspect all packages and report them, i did specify if it was illegal or if the packages have anything illegal and they answered by NO, so after couple of days i though t it is not right, there is something else here i am receiving three items (through i received only 3 packages before trying to call this whole thing off) and the pay is 40$ per package, then i see my address on the package addressed to by under another name! it is not right. i email them again saying i am not comfortable and i need to stop that work, the email bounced back, the website has a contact us form that does not work and i am still getting packages! i need to stop this and i don't want to be involved in it as it is today! it is my mistake i was eager to take the job. i lost my job after all and we were really needing one! but now after couple of days doing this i don't feel good and i want out! what do i do?
Prince Francis claims to be an IT officer for a bank. he claims he is able to assist people to become CISA certified.  he will give you training and claim he will assist with job interview, and job placement and obtaining a certification.  He himself is not certified. he is unemployed and running this from his house.
I received an Job offer from Team Of Leading Engineers, last month. My job was to receive packages and inspect them my base salary was 2,000 plus 40 bucks for every package sent out on time. When it was time for me to be paid they locked me out of my dash board and blocked me from every supervisor number that ever contacted me.

I was contacted by the company for Telegram. I was to be hired on as a Virtual Assistant, being paid $18.00 for training and after training the pat was to be $30.00 per hour, working full time working between 30 - 40 hours per week,After a few week I received a check for $70.000, I was supposed to call the place i back after i got it so a new computer and few other things were to be purchased
I received an offer of employment from this company on January 26, 2021. They are a holding company. I would receive package, inspect and report to other locations via UPS, FedEx or USPS. I was in a trial bases from the time I sent my first package on May 2, 2021. Salary to be $2100 during this time with a bonus of $25 per package shipped. I provided my ID information and a direct deposit slip to the company. My scheduled date was March 8, 2021. That day has come and gone. I tried to reach the company via email and phone but am unable to contact them. I worked from a panel associate with the company yet as of this morning I have been blocked from using it. I would receive my work information and instructions from this panel. At this point I am not sure what to do so I am sending this complaint to you. I have a signed contract with this company that was signed on 26 January 2021. I am requesting that this company be checked out and that the money owed me is sent to me. Can you help me with this situation?

Had Applied for position on Indeed.com.  Was hired by a company claiming to be Columbia's Finest Child Development Center.  the latter used the name of the Director of the Center.   She said this is NOT a position that they offer, and that she had been getting calls about it all week.  The paper said they were going to Send me a check that I was supposed to deposit and turn around and pay someone else with the money.
I applied for an Administrative Assistant on Indeed and was approached by this company for a Personal Assistant position.  Individual told me he has been in Canada for a year and needed someone to work 5-10 hours per week at $500 a week to run events, assist with interviews, assist with paying bills etc.  Individual also sent me a set of interview questions to answer and asked me to email my responses.  Once my responses were received he proceeds to inform me by text message that his financial advisor would be sending me a check for over $4000 and he wanted me to deposit in my personal account, keep my wages, and he would send me a list of things to do with the remaining funds.  I responded to one of his emails and explained that I had found and researched his name and company and he encouraged it which is what made me continue corresponding.  I texted back and told him that I needed to see a contract before I started employment and that I was not comfortable using a personal accounts.  He has not sent another text or email.  I received the first email 3/3/21 and the last email 3/8/21.  I received the first text 3/9/21.
I received an email about a potential work study program, but there was no interview process or anything. The email basically told me I would be like a personal assistant for a doctor who worked with disabled students. I realized it was a little early after calling him back and he wanted me to go get check paper and do some other tasks like get gift cards and things that were also red flags.
Signed up to drive for Mt Dew, by putting a wrap on my car. They sent me a banker's check,  which I called the bank it was drawn off of. I handed them a photo of it, and they replied it was true. I called Terry Herckenrath, the original writer. Then called Belmont Metals the address on the return address label. The guys I spoke with didn't care, and said they weren't good. Said they weren't on the FedEx label.
The name of the persons             . He said I was qualified and pick for data entry position. He told me I had to send $200 but I will get me that $200 plus $200 sign bonus. I told him I did not have that so he said he see what the company say. He told me if I had $50 and the company would pay the rest. After I paid the $50 he said I had something to pay for to get started. I told him why you 'n't see that early. So I sent another $50. So the next day he saw supposed to send my materials for the job. He going to tell me I had to pay for shipping. I told him you didn't say that. He told me we going to meet her. I said you told me so. He said sorry anyway. Then I knew I was safe. I sent him my driver license.
They picked up my first de's resume off the internet. Contacted her and asked her to download some app as a means of contact. They then carried out the  first job interview,  via this app and started asking unusual questions like what bank do you use and who is your phone carrier. The website has a bunch of links that go no where and fake addresses, email and numbers. Also job offices offering unusually high salary's and very vague job descriptions.
REMOTE job offer $60/or $45/hour training Only email communication "Hello XXXXX, Thank you again for your interest in employment at Perot Systems Corporation. We are recruiting via online potential employees who would eventually have an office space at home. At Perot Systems Corporation we push the boundaries of technology to create the world's most advanced  information technology services covering business integration, systems integration and applications development, and information technology infrastructure services. Across the globe, our solutions are developing connectivity, solving today's challenges and driving the innovation that will meet the needs of what is s next. Our success comes from collaborating with our customers to go beyond the expected. In light of the aforementioned, we have carefully considered your application during the initial screening and will now proceed to administer a screening test/Interview for you. In order for us to proceed, please reply this email to confirm your details as follows: Name : Phone Number : Location: I will email you the Screening Test/Interview Questions as soon I receive your email with the above details. Thank you. Kind Regards,"
I was on Zip Recruiter and applied for a CSR Administrative Assistant position. The guy was name Felix Oshman. He reached out and asked me to download an app called Telegram for further contact because he wanted to conduct an interview. I got on for the interview. No phone interview. Instead he sent over a response through email. It was long and extensive. I answered every question thoroughly. I sent him a message through Telegram that I sent the finished version. He then said to contact him through Telegram in 10 minutes for my application status. I contacted him and then he said that I had got the job. Then he went on to give me my wage. He asked me if I wanted Bi-weekly or monthly, direct deposit or pay check. Then he asked what Bank did I use. Then he asked if I used any software like Quickbooks and the client. He asked if I had a printer or printer. Then he stated that I would be entitled to benefits after 3 months of working with the company. Then he said that He would contact me shortly by email with an employment contract which outlines my job duties, wages and benefits in which I would review and return a signed copy. He stated that training starts on tomorrow at 9am from home for 2 weeks. He stated that they are currently setting up an office at 260th St, at 2200, Atlanta, GA 30303. I first looked them out and found that they were based out of New York. I was a bit scared. But when he asked for an interview I thought ok. What concerned me was when I tried looking up the website that was sent only to find that it was deleted. The first initial email that was sent was also deleted. His original personal email was deleted. And no email from the HR Department with an employment contract. The interview took place at 10am. I have proof of the conversations. The original emails were deleted.
I received a text message regarding a promotion for Aquafina where my cart would get wrapped, and I would receive $2000 a week for six months. I was interested, but realized quickly it was a trap. I told them to stop attacking me, but they have not. They have gone so far as to send me a clearly fake check. I've reported the case to the FTC with the hopes of having them stop the company from tracking me further.

They contacted me via text saying they saw my job application. Offered $33/hour to answer phone calls and report them. Said I could work from home. I was not an independent contractor so they needed my info for W-2, etc. Would send me a check to buy a laptop, but only from their vendor. Also wanted me to send them $97 for an ID.
I was hired by Kalamiones Estates LLC as an Assistant Manager. My resume is located on multiple websites and they contacted me via email after finding my resume online to tell me about the available position. As someone with past assistant manager experience, I thought I'd look into it and found their website to be realistic. I ultimately saw no red flags until week two of my employment when the individual who was assigned to me as my Personal Manager stopped all communication. I attempted to contact all emails provided on their website, as well as phone numbers, to try and convey my discomfort with the lack of communication I had been receiving. I quickly realized that I was never going to receive an answer from the emails I had sent and each time I called a phone number I was told that all representatives were busy so my only option was to leave a email... which also received zero responses. This position was completely remote so I never saw other employees to assure myself that the position was real but for a start, it was incredibly elaborate. I was given extensive instruction by my Personal Manager during training that included manual and step by step instruction on performing tasks. Any time I had a question, it was answered and I was warned of safety measures when dealing with money from investment clients. Yet, I was never in contact with any clients, only performed one training task, and when I was ready to begin my second task all communication with my Personal Manager had stopped. They even assured me of tactics that companies may use to get employees such as spending money up front, among others, that they made sure I knew would never be the case with Kalamiones Estates LLC. I realize this summary of my experience is a bit all over the place but my "employment" resulted in two weeks of sitting on a software they called the Back Office System, waiting for instruction for my Personal Manager, and performing what was asked of me. As I mentioned prior, early in the second week of my employment all communication halted and that is when I began to worry that I may have been fired. So be aware if you ever receive an email from Evelin Freeman who is supposedly the HR Rep for Kalamiones Estates LLC, because once you fill out the employment agreement you will never be able to get in touch with Evelin again and anyone at Kalamiones for that matter. The only contact you have with anyone is your Personal Manager through the software system and even then you're provided with an email for your Personal Manager that is definitely not in use. The biggest red flag of all is that the email for the US Representative Office Senior Manager is provided on the website and when you attempt to email him, you receive a response that claims your email was unable to reach the recipient. The line of work is real estate investment but in reality it seems the only investment that was being performed was investment into cryptocurrency, such as Bitcoin. But I'm not entirely sure what they got out of me by hiring me as an Assistant Manager other than me performing a single training task of buying $50 worth of Bitcoin using a Bitcoin ATM and essentially wasting two weeks of my time. Hopefully this helps someone if they run into Kalamiones or a similar situation in the future!  .  
I was on indeed where an warehouse position was posted by TLS (Team of Leading Shippers) I was skeptical about the job because it seemed too good to be true. I have visited the website multiple times and it seemed to check out. They said they pay monthly and based salary. As a few weeks past packages where being delivered to my house and I did the work (open the box, look inside, load it to the store then ship it out). It package is a 40 dollar bonus. On January 15 I had received an email for a V.I.P package ( those are packages the have to be picked up from UPS or FED-EX and are worth 80 dollars). When I tried to pick up the package, they told me the actual person had to pick it up. That happen three times. As the month ended I shipped about 17 packages some didn't  come in boxes so I had to pay out of pocket for a box to ship off under the thought that I would return for it. On the 5th I called the paper because my bank told me there wasn't any deposit pending and the 5th supposed to be my pay day. They called and said it'll be deposited soon. Sunday comes and I'm still not paid and ca- log into the library. Nobody had called or called me.
This company appears to be a fraud. They ensure that they assist clients with a wide range of services, including providing help with cryptocurrency transactions. I went through the process to become employed by the company, to "become an assistant", as a part-time job. The process seemed to be legitimate until the final few steps. I was asked to open a new personal checking account in order to conduct business on behalf of the company. I was to receive wire transfers from clients into my personal bank account and then conduct a transaction on the client's behalf. These transactions were for purchases of cryptocurrency and would be large amounts - in the range of tens of thousands of dollars. This was a red flag to me, as I should not be asked to open a personal checking account to conduct business on their behalf -- that would result in me being personally liable for the transactions. When I requested more information on this questionable practice, I was only assured that 'we will cover you.' Upon further investigation of the company, I found that the website seems to be illegitimate ("clients" cannot even create an account to sign up for services, as the link to create an account is broken), and the customer service phone number leaves you on hold for 30 minutes before it automatically hangs up.


Im a stay at home mom and i was on market place looking for a job came across the work from home job, I thought it was like its on me why not so i applied the girl in and contacts me and asked my name i told her it sounded good and she asked me questions like all other jobs do id all that long story short she said my Facebook account is still on it threatens me i got proof all of are messages from page one where she says shes a liar ive reported her and so have all my friends on Facebook and they have done nothing to this person
I received this simple text from the person noted above: Hello, Would you like to place small logo pieces of bacon toasting on your vehicle(car) etc for 550 weekly pay?
I have an ear for my phone and they contacted me to call. They said that if I buy 3 products for half price and they would send me three more of my choice I would be paid 30$ every post I made with said products. It should have taken about 4 weeks and I'm here 4 months later with nothing, the site is down and no one is responding
When I was leaving active duty Army I began to apply for jobs. I applied to a project manager position through Indeed.com for Kalix Transportation Group a global shipping company. I conducted an initial interview and was approached with an internship with the possibility to lead into a position. There was a discussion of an overall compensation for the month of training/ internship. I accepted the internship and began to received study material and weekly test. I was in constant communication with a "Lead Project Manager" via email and occasional phone calls and two weeks in I was told that I was selected for a position and I could start doing projects while finishing the internship. The project was to purchase apple computers and send them to an address in Chicago. They had me try to use my credit card to to purchase and ship the items and pay for it through making a payment on my credit card with an account and routing number provided to me by the company in which I was told I was an authorized user. It was about this time that it finally set in that this was not appropriate and I was being ignored. I confronted the person I had been communicating with and did not hear from him again.
She put this on a job website. I've been called before so when she said she would need my bank info I knew it was a trap.
I applied for a data entry job on Facebook, and I got a text back telling me to download that and that a hiring manager would interview me there. The manager asked for my full name, address, email address, and picture of me holding my ID up to my face for identification. They then later proceeded to ask which bank I use and if I had a credit card and the limit on the credit card, afterwards saying they were going to send me a $2000 check to deposit into my account and buy programs necessary for my job after taking a $200 sign up bonus out of it. Afterwards, they wanted me to buy a $600 Ebay gift card with my personal credit card to unlock software that would be loaded onto a computer they would send me.
I applied for a data entry job on Facebook, and I got a text back telling me to download that and that a hiring manager would interview me there. The manager asked for my full name, address, email address, and picture of me holding my ID up to my face for identification. They then later proceeded to ask which bank I use and if I had a credit card and the limit on the credit card, afterwards saying they were going to send me a $2000 check to deposit into my account and buy programs necessary for my job after taking a $200 sign up bonus out of it. Afterwards, they wanted me to buy a $600 Ebay gift card with my personal credit card to unlock software that would be loaded onto a computer they would send me.
This company reached out to me on January 6th, 2021 after I had applied for quite a few jobs on Indeed. I was told they had to run a background check and references, I had an initial  phone interview on January 9, 2021, and was extended a hiring offer on January 12, 2021. Once the hiring process was completed I was told to sign up for UPS, USPS, and fed-ex for supplies the company stated they paid for already and I would be receiving at my home. I was sent an email on Monday January 14, 2021 stating I would receive additional shipping supplies from the company itself. I was informed my account would be up and running on January 16, 2021, which it was and I would be paid once a month, on the 28th of each month, each package sent on time, I am to buy, mail, and take to FedEx, or ups, USPS storage locations and get a proof of drop off, as I did with each item that was sent to my home. May 28th came and went without any payment or supplies, or rather, no return emails once I start writing about my pay, they money that should be replaced via my website for boxes, stamps, tapes, records, etc. no return calls, text or anything after I continued to write about my pay, which was quite odd considering they call and text you non stop when you receive a package at your home and you need to read the packing list and photo of each item, sent to your, posted on your Facebook. March 1-4th, I continue to call and leave messages and emails regarding my pay, no answers, or replies, I went to log into my car on March 6, 2021, and was completely unable to log into my database. I was disappointed, still, no pay, all numbers, and email changed..All together this company owes me 2859.00 for the work Idid and never paid me for on supplies, gas, and selling all these items. Just sad during work, bills due to do this to hard-working people, like myself and I'm sure plenty of other people.

I believe a team of individuals is posting pictures on Indeed.com with political intent.  They are either posing as workers for TAD PGS, or that business is fake.  New job applicants are being asked to download software to "test" their computer after a brief phone call. On Friday, I got a call after applying for a new Remote Call Center Representative / Remote Vaccine Scheduling Representative with TAD PGS, Inc. on Indeed.com.  The caller identified herself as an employee at TAD and said her name was Krista.  (Later determined to be Krista Montana.)  I was only asked my desired hours, to confirm my home and email address listed, and questioned about what type of computer I had.  Krista said the next step would be to download software to test my computer.  I was to look for an email from a senior citizen, Rick or him.  Later, Rick Martinez texted me from 888-910-1279 identifying himself from TAD PGS, Inc with a reminder to check my email.  An email was received with detailed instructions including a link (https://drive.google.com/file.... sharing) to test my computer's compatibility by hand. I found this request unusual, so I tried to confirm the existence of this job listing.  A website for this company was found at https://www.tadpgs.com.  Under "Find a Job", a similar job listing was posted a month ago. Calls to their phone number 800-261- 3779 went directly to them, so I left a message. Attempts to email them through their online form could not be completed. The "send message" button did not work.  I sent an email to the recruiting department at tadpgsorders@adeccona.com.  I don't expect either message to be answered by the deadline given.  Especially since it is the weekend.  They may never be answered. Red flags about first recruit: 1) she blocked caller id, so her number was unavailable 2) only one hour had passed since I applied 3) NOT INTERVIEW QUESTIONS WERE ASKED 4) the job was for Richmond, VA, but the work was in - state 5) job details outside of listing could not be answered 6) when requested, the caller stumbled over her own phone number 7) return call went to voice mail Red flags about second recruit: 1) he texted me from 888-910-1279, but the cell number in his email signature block was 213-820-1145 2) he addressed me only by first name and the language was overly casual in some areas 3) his email signature block was missing a physical business address 4) his job title was not a director, but Director of Program Management 5) other company names were mentioned that could be part of a name:  AnswerNet and Radio 8) I was requested to CLICK A LINK 9) A DEADLINE WAS GIVEN AND URGENCY WAS STRESSED I fear the link would subject my device to software or sabotage and this could result in financial loss and/or identity theft. I have reported this activity as happening through my email server and here on the new website.
I received  all  shipped packages and was to be paid monthly. They quit answering my calls texts  and  my password  and  log in no longer worked.
I was contacted by text message by an "employer", they said that I had applied to their job listing on indeed.com and they were following up. At first I went back to check my indeed job applications and I saw  nothing but I thought i had just deleted it. They did a phone call interview where they just told me to open a new terminal and then contact them again. They told me to tell the bank that I'm a lawyer even though I would be processing transactions from their website through my terminal. I thought this was weird so when I opened my Bus Terminal I was describing the situation to the bank but they didn't say anything was off so I proceeded. After about 2 days of transactions, where I entered card information sent to me, they asked me to wire them money through an online website rather than going to the bank. Because the bank didn't say anything was off all the times I called them I went through with it. Half way through the transfer I decided to pull back and then they suddenly disappeared and stopped responding. The money was already delivered to them and there was no way to get it back. Paying pack the checks plus fees and collections because my bank immediately opened my account was very tough.
I've was applying through Facebook for various part-time jobs and this one came in the mail and also through my text don't! Respond to it the name was Samuel Hudson there is another phone number 616-204-3187 and a check was worth $2,890 in my name and it's a fake check
I posted a resume online looking for work at home jobs. I got an email offering me a position as a gift writer. Paul Christopher made me a contract. I started 2.1.21. The first packages came a week later. After two weeks I asked for an advance. They sent me an advance of $200, then $150. They said FedEx had a package. I put a claim into FedEx. They said they sent me a payment. I have all of the shipping labels. I have spoken with Amanda over the phone. Her phone number is 614-859-9922. She has slight accent..  I Had To Send two Money Orders Of $1200 Each For 2 Missing Packages And They Were Suppose To Kill Me On My Check. I lost $2,400. 
They are running employment camps. They will recruit people for month, ask them to do their work and at the end of month remove all access and no agreed salary. They did this to many people and legally pulling all this away with clearly leaving behind all trails. These guys have lot of guts to do this on US Soil. Please go after them and request IRS and GA state courts to ban and jail all of them.
Advertised as a data entry position- work from home. Interview was conducted through an App with the reasoning that it was an online position so everything was done online- no phone calls etc were conducted. After the interview, I didn't hear anything, not even thank you. The next day I was told I was acceptable for the position and that my first task was to buy $5000 in free credit cards- they even provided the $$ to do this. I knew it felt  like off me  and my questions weren't getting answered but I did. They turned around and did a return payment request on my account and stole $$ from my account. I did my due time with regard to licensing, product realization, BBB, etc and still got paid.
I am here to warn everybody, DO NOT apply for a job through this company! It is a dream! I got contacted by a local agent about doing an interview on an app called telescope, we did the hiring process and I supposedly got the job. I was then handed a check for $3,150.00 dollars and told to send it to my account, which didn't work because my account said it was a blank check, they asked me to put some money up but I lied to them and said I didn't have anything. The pay was supposed to be 16 an hour for training and 28 dollars an hour afterwards, working from home switching calls, printing, and filing... I contacted them and said the check wouldnot leak to my account to which they didnot contact me back.
They send me packages. A couple with my name on it and with it. They tell me to check the package and put a whole different label on it that they send.
I'm not sure if this is a dream, but due to the nature of the situation, I think it might be. I received an email that said, "Hello, my name is Charolette. I am a hiring manager. I have reviewed your resume that you posted on "Indeed" and would like to offer you one of the following positions: Position: Orderful Clerk Type: Home Based   Part Time   Online Office DOT Code: 222.387-00 Salary: $2250/month Bonus Program: $30 for each package processed  Overview: A Ordering Clerk oversees and keeps records of all shipping and receiving. More specifically, they are responsible for organizing, sorting, and transferring goods from one location to another. They monitor company packages from the start to finish, ensuring proper packing techniques and shipping practices. Ordering Clerk also update inventory records and file weekly or monthly reports for the management. If you are interested, let me know." I responded saying that I would be interested and to give me a call to further discuss the details to determine if it would be a good fit for me. I did not receive any calls just an email with a link to start the application process which I filled out. I was then sent an email that stated to start the employment process I would need to sign a document and send it back. Included in this email were 2 forms, one with the job description and the other was called "Job Offer" (attached below) which stated that I was to sign if I accepted the job offer and by signing this, the document constitutes the whole and entire agreement between myself and the company. Agreement on what? What agreement can I possibly enter with a company to start the employment process? An agreement on the policies and procedures? How can you expect me to agree to the company's policies and procedures when I was told that I would receive a copy of them only after I signed this paper saying I agreed to them? Another thing that seemed off was in the job offer PDF, the company, US Parcel Flow, refers to themselves as "company." Also, at the end of the document it says the offer is only valid for 5 business days and then there will be a vacancy for other applicants. However, she reached out to me, not the other way around and if other people want to apply why shouldn't they be able to whether I sign this or not? To me, that sounds like creating a sense of urgency so that I 'n't think twice and just sign it. If it's legitimate why do I need to sign a paper that says I accept the job and oh yeah by the way by accepting it I'm also agreeing to all of these unknown things but don't worry I'll find out what I agreed to after I sign? I was told to email these documents to the IT department at mail@usparcelflow.com. That does not sound like an old email. Instead, every email I received was from someone's email account, yet the last one I received was signed: "regards, us parcel flow" rather than "regards, Charolette." I did not complete the process because all of these details seem off and a little unprofessional. Now, I don't know what the plan is, what happens next, or even if it is a. but it does sound a little nice and I would not want someone's going to work to be taken advantage of.  .  
I was initially contacted by email about a position as a 3D artist for the company, and set up an interview on Telegram. The email and interview seemed really thorough, so I didn't suspect anything at first. I was sent a check for materials, and instructed to forward part of it on time, to the "vendor" to get my supplies. When that didn't work, I was told to put it on gift cards and send those instead. That's when I started to feel weird about it, but I didn't look too much into it until after putting a portion of the check on the gift cards. Now that money is gone since their check bounced. The only plus is that I didn't lose as much as I could have, but I'm totally frustrated and upset. But now I know that 1) any remote interviews will be over a video conference, not IM. 2) no company in their right mind will send someone money before going through official documentation/actual legal hiring. 3) companies will never use apps like you or more, those are only really safe with people you know. And 4) gift cards are a giant red flag, they can't be traced and any company asking you to use them is a disaster. I just really wish I knew this before now.
I recently applied and interviewed for the remote video editor position at this company. I applied through LinkedIn and within 24 hours, received an e-mail to set up an interview. I was supplied all of the information about the company and job in a PDF as well as how to schedule my interview using a secure messenger application called "Wire." After a brief conversation with "Joseph Watson" last night to set up my interview, I immediately worried about the authenticity of the e-mail exchanges and job openings. He did not specify a time zone for the interview, nor did he introduced himself. I had to ask for information on those details. The interview was scheduled at 9 PST, and took place using "secure PPTP and text chat" as he stated. I addressed that I was unfamiliar with this style of interview as I was expecting to video conference with a hiring manager. After many technical errors in his texts, as well as pausing between texts for 10-15 minutes, I knew something was not right. When I asked for more information, it seemed I was getting general copy and paste automatic responses. He eventually stopped responding. They claim they will supply you with a company computer, phone, etc but you have to pay for it and they will "fire you."
Received an email with a job offer for a position from a company by the name of RDP Post International Delivery Services/Rapid Delivery Services LLC. The position is for a retail job, where the employee receives packages at their home, opens and sells the product then packages the product with boxes provided by the business. The employee will use the labels that is provided by the company. The company also request for the potential employee to give the business their own number. The business offers an employee contract with benefits and it comes from the hiring manager Joseph Clark/Hiring Team Supervisor
 On May 4, 2021, at 7:26 AM, Lizzy Rains  wrote:? Congratulations! You passed the interview. We want to move you to the next step. Please read and study the EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT and reply on my email with the following details listed below. INSTRUCTIONS: 1) Reply to a specialist with following email: I, NAME OF THE APPLICANT, read the employment agreement of the company. I accept all the terms and conditions and would like to start work as soon as possible. Address to send packs: APPLICANT NEED TO PUT FULL ADDRESS WHERE WE CAN SEND PACKS Emergency contacts: APPLICANT NEED TO PUT EMERGENCY CONTACT person NAME AND PHONE NUMBER 2) Picture of government-issued ID (both sides and COVER THE LAST 4 DIGIT OF YOUR ID) All your information must be provided within 24-48 hours and uploaded on the link provided above. Please don't hesitate to contact us in case if you have any questions or concerns. You may reach me at  (262) 218-4546. Kind regards, Lizzy Rains   HR Department Direct number:  (262) 218-4546  Company name: RPD POST Address: 16363 W Berlin Rd, Block C, New Berlin, NY 53151 Toll Free:  (844) 406-0966  Mon-Sun 09:00AM-06:00PM EST Sat-Sun Closed .  
Hello, on Thursday May 25,2021 i was contacted via text from 910-783-6200 with a notice for advertisement ad to be put on my truck and earn $500/week  with link to click on for details..https://cutt.ly/lgG67PI..legitimate looking website with links. So of course i was curious, who wouldit be. I filled out the application and was notified I was accepted and further instructions would be sent. I received a FedEx envelope on March 4, 2021 (no signature required, on front porch) post marked march 1, with a $4000 check(Impulse Electrical Supply, INC,270 Park Ave,Garden City,NY 11040..M and T Bank out of New York) in it and note on what to do. name and number to it (Mr. Barrett, 402-989-0011)on receiving for security information. i typed and got reply to deposit check and then got back on deposit for further instructions. of course im very cautious person too. i started reading about different books and now posting this.
I was contacted by text message in forming me that my resume was picked by their Talent Acquisition team from a Career board. Interviewed by a manager via Google App.  The offer was for a CSR position @ $30 per hour after 1 week training @ 20 per hour. Had a list of equipment that needed to be purchased for my office.  They said I will be paid first so my office could be set up
I have a contract and I haven't signed I handed them my documentation for being an X-ray tech I left out my state license of being certified to work in the state of Arizona as an X-ray tech when I contacted the company to find out they had if they had everything they needed they responded Yes they sent me a contract and then I'll receive an email to set up for direct deposit and that's the only option for my account as well as is contract and a link will be sent to me for getting on the app for the schedule my concern is giving you the company name when I go to their website it's very basic it just started in 2021 their Facebook link is broken so it takes me to my Facebook page instead of their link there's another company that has a similar name remove the missing portion and there's a true company but not any positions in Arizona my concern is that this is a fake company and after that I give them my banking information for my checks to be deposited there's just something not right and I'm not sure if this is a real company the document I receive I'm unable to download it shows up in my downloads but it's not a document that I can open its doesn't even act like a document I don't know for sure if this is a case but the thing that set me off as they are missing an important piece of document of my being an X-ray tech not something a big company would don't having I confirmed with them did they have everything that they needed and they have confirmed that they do but I know for a fact they don't so my concern is this is a bank and as soon as I give them all my banking information or whatever they're looking for hey check the Better Business Bureau because I was trying to confirm this to be a real company I thought that maybe through Facebook I could confirm that this was a real company but the link to their Facebook page is broken and when I search this company on Facebook there's nothing that matches with the online part so my suspicions grew stronger and then when I went to check my document to download that image there's two files from you trying to download those that contract that they've sent me but there's no there's nothing there but I empty file folder I usually it would say a document and when they named the document the document was I use in my subject line you one of my emails
Twice this week, I have received texts from supposed job workers requesting an interview. Each cited a real company which I could look up online, albeit an unfamiliar, offshore one. Each seemed eager to hire. Each trainer offered to train me, albeit at a lower pay rate during the training period. The following factors made me suspicious of these approaches: 1) Each member sought to conduct interviews via a secure email app (WhatsApp or Telegram), with no voice or face-to-face contact to help communicate their words. Today's example requested that we use Telegram. As I have since learned, Facebook, Interview, and others all stress that genuine employers don't interview job-leaders by text. 2) The writers--apparently at two different, real companies--follow nearly identical interview scripts  3) The interviews involved little detail: I was asked if I had a criminal background. But the detective didn't go over my resume or write about my past experience. They didn't pose critical workplace questions (for example: how you'd resolve conflicting priorities, deal with tight decisions, or when to explain a problem to a supervisor, etc.). They made no request for writing samples and didn't ask me to complete any skills tests. 4) The writers were unable to answer my questions about company culture, team size, typical day, etc.--could only provide obviously cut-and-paste text from the company home page. 5) The lawyers' offers to hire and the promised pay and benefits sounded "too good to be true," given how lightly they were hitting me. He, Twitter, and others also all advise job leaders to hear of offers that seem "too good to be true"--offering a great job with little or no risk. 6) The second part included personal questions not normally posed until after a job offer has been accepted, like "What is your birth date?" (I provided the first four digits only, not the year). Indeed, many job sites warn against offering personal information prior to an offer letter. 7) Even stranger, today's teacher asked some questions I've never heard from any employer: "What is your telephone carrier?" ( I asked "Why?"), followed yet more clearly a few minutes later by "Please specify your Sprint  that's not my carrier  name and password" (I asked "Why?" and the server asked me to "Please answer the previous questions.") This immediately suggested suicide. I know of no reason why an employer should know my phone carrier. 7) Both sites listed a range of materials (software and/or hardware) I would need to do the job, raising questions for me of how these would be provided. 8) Both writers pushed their interviews on much longer than initially advised: 40 minutes became 2 hours. In each case, I had to terminate contact with the owner. 9) Searching online for "employment via instant message," I found numerous examples of employment ads conducted via an app. In these situations, job workers had personally identifying information compromised, were talked into buying unnecessary materials, were sent bad checks in compensation for such materials, etc. Additionally, she used the same tactics and language described above to obtain job-workers' personal information or induce them to buy useless office software/hardware. I have discontinued contact with both of these "friends."
Twice this week, I have received texts from supposed job workers requesting an interview. Each cited a real company which I could look up online, albeit an unfamiliar, offshore one. Each seemed eager to hire. Each trainer offered to train me, albeit at a lower pay rate during the training period. The following factors made me suspicious of these approaches: 1) Each member sought to conduct interviews via a secure email app (WhatsApp or Telegram), with no voice or face-to-face contact to help communicate their words. Today's example requested that we use Telegram. As I have since learned, Facebook, Interview, and others all stress that genuine employers don't interview job-leaders by text. 2) The writers--apparently at two different, real companies--follow nearly identical interview scripts  3) The interviews involved little detail: I was asked if I had a criminal background. But the detective didn't go over my resume or write about my past experience. They didn't pose critical workplace questions (for example: how you'd resolve conflicting priorities, deal with tight decisions, or when to explain a problem to a supervisor, etc.). They made no request for writing samples and didn't ask me to complete any skills tests. 4) The writers were unable to answer my questions about company culture, team size, typical day, etc.--could only provide obviously cut-and-paste text from the company home page. 5) The lawyers' offers to hire and the promised pay and benefits sounded "too good to be true," given how lightly they were hitting me. He, Twitter, and others also all advise job leaders to hear of offers that seem "too good to be true"--offering a great job with little or no risk. 6) The second part included personal questions not normally posed until after a job offer has been accepted, like "What is your birth date?" (I provided the first four digits only, not the year). Indeed, many job sites warn against offering personal information prior to an offer letter. 7) Even stranger, today's teacher asked some questions I've never heard from any employer: "What is your telephone carrier?" ( I asked "Why?"), followed yet more clearly a few minutes later by "Please specify your Sprint  that's not my carrier  name and password" (I asked "Why?" and the server asked me to "Please answer the previous questions.") This immediately suggested suicide. I know of no reason why an employer should know my phone carrier. 8) Both sections listed a range of materials (software and/or hardware) I would need to do the job, raising questions for me of how these would be provided. 9) Both writers pushed their interviews on much longer than initially advised: 40 minutes became 2 hours. In each case, I had to terminate contact with the owner. 10) Searching online for "employment via instant message," I found numerous examples of employment ads conducted via an app. In these situations, job workers had personally identifying information compromised, were talked into buying unnecessary materials, were sent bad checks in compensation for such materials, etc. Additionally, she used the same tactics and language described above to obtain job-workers' personal information or induce them to buy useless office software/hardware. I have discontinued contact with both of these "friends."
PD Trading Services had saved me by offering me a job as an employee. The deal involved me using my credit card to buy products for their customers. My agreement with them was that they would release me for the charges, and, in addition, pay me a salary for my time used in purchasing the products. These products were then handed out by me, to their customers.  They provided me with external bank account numbers (linked to my credit card) In which to pay for those charges on my card. However, those bank account numbers were invalid and that  hence, their customers received product that I paid for, not them. Fraud, theft, fraud. NEVER do business with this company!! They went through a lot of trouble to outline how they would pay you, including benefits, but I never saw a sign from them.     EMPLOYEES In    the list below is a single purchase, but there were other purchases totaling $8,142.
I recently saw a post in Washington County Flea market for an "AT HOME" job and contacted the woman through Facebook that posted it. Her name is 'RoseE' and she directed me to download the app HANGOUT and contact a girl named Rose Dominguez through the app for my "Interview". Do not respond or spend time talking to these people it is 100 percent a lie and they ask for bank account information. They want your money AND PASSWORD INFO FOR YOUR BANK. "THEY EVEN WANTED MY SECURITY QUESTION ANSWERS!!" SERIOUSLY!! THEY mentioned a major company, " and even told me to go to their website for information. They wanted to make a deposit in my account and then I would buy a credit card to pay for my EXPENSIVE EQUIPMENT INSTALLMENT!! I've never heard of such a thing and am really mad since I have been watching these people since about noon today and its now 630 pm. I ca- get my time back but I can try to save others from it happening to them. I should have checked immediately.
I was approached via email by this company saying work from home everything seem right there was contract, fees, their website, they were on the new website, they had a phone number that you would call and they would answer people communicated with me on a regular basis to ensure that I was doing my job and then things started to get a little weird. Packages were coming in my name I was getting getting multiple calls from women who had different names and different phone numbers but sounded the same calling within a few hours of each other almost like they forgot that they were calling me particularly and then I went down a rabbit hole of everybody else posting situations like this so I reported it to the FTC immediately. Will no longer ship packages and have informed them to stop sending me packages. I have had to close my bank account, get a new drivers license, freeze my credit with all 3 agencies and change all my records and databases so that they cannot access any of my personal information because they have a lot of it unfortunately.
This company does not exist and is a front for false employment opportunities in order to conduct gambling and/or other violent activity. Initial contact came on 17 February 2021 as an un-requested employment application for a well-paying job as a Supply Chain Manager. Communication was consistent, I participated in a telephone interview, and I was provided several documents detailing employment benefits and duties of the position. Things were moving very quickly and I became suspicious  however, I had not provided much in terms of personal information, so I played along a bit longer. It was not until 28 February 2021 that I was able to officially confirm that the company in fact did not exist. My last communication with the company's representative was to inform them as much and that I was not moving forward with the job.
Was texted yesterday an offer for employment if I place a car wrap on my car etc... see text message below Advertise Purell Handler on your Autos. And get paid $500 weekly for more details https://bit.ly/3cFE7mw
I received an email offerings me a job. I'm not sure if they found me on indeed or otherwise.
I posted my resume online though Facebook. I received a text message from Mark Darlington asking if I would work part time as a personal assistant as he is out of the country for $400 a week. I received a $4000 check in the US mail in an overnight envelope. I was instructed to deposit the check into my personal bank account, and send them the bank account information. Then I received a second check. They want me to cash the check and buy more gift cards. I said no. They are telling me other people would have taken the job that I agreed to do. One of the return addresses is Victoria      ,               1st Ave Room   , NY, NY     . Inside is a note from Eric Bradford telling me to email markdarlingtonmark001@gmail.com. Everything is done through texts.
I answers on line to be a MSPA secret agent at heart.  I'm to text "LOCATION" to 469-909-1575 and one of their representatives will guide me during this assignment.  I'm to cash check of $2,940.00 and keep 540.00 and use the rest to buy Kroger cards and keep them in a safe place.  Then email my report to mspaevaluators@protonmail.com and wait on my second evaluation assignment.
I received a text message from someone "named" Jason Blake regarding an employment opportunity for a data entry position. I was told I need to download the app Telegram in order to conduct an interview that way. I was told I needed to send a message to phone number 303-710-8253. I did that and began talking to the individual. They asked normal interview type questions and then after said he needed to show the conversation to me then came back and said I they wanted to move forward with me and I would be making $48 an hour (which sounded completely wrong and was definitely an indication this was a deal of some type) He then sent a list of the various electronics, software and hardware I needed to buy using a company check. He then sent me an email that contained a name for the company with the address of the company being 1975 Spruce, Denver CO 80210 and also an index of 2360. He was trying to walk me through the process of exactly what I should be doing with the check. I told him I was not comfortable putting anything into my accounts and will not be until I speak with someone over the phone. He then told me that "Every other new employee have done this" and that it was basically a waste of time if I don't "value" their process. I told him at this point I want him to withdraw me from this and I 'not be doing anything and forward back the email. He closed the chat which deleted the whole conversation (but I made sure I got quiet throughout the whole thing) If you receive any text messages from anyone saying they are associated with this company save your time and energy and just block them. I see there is another report on here about the exact same company. It is truly sad and disgusting that there are people supporting others and their need for employment during this already trying time. I made sure to take plenty of credit and I have the various names, email addressed, phone numbers and the "company's" EIN from the bank.
I received an email from someone working at ziprecruiter.com. the email was about a web developer position at a company called SS and Client. This person stated that if I was interested in a job interview, to email this this hiring manager at the email listed. So I did. I was then given an opportunity to screen for a virtual interview that was a series of questions to fill out and turn in by a certain time limit. I filled everything out and sent it in. After about four hours, I was alerted that I was being hired and he would send me an offer letter the next day to fill out and send back to get started right away. the next day late afternoon, i had received that employment offer letter and form and sent everything back out. From there, I was notified that they would need my information  name, address, phone, and email information, I submitted that to them along with a picture of my license, social security, proof of residence, and a credit check to set up direct deposit. After doing all that, I was notified that there would be a check sent out to purchase items needed to start my home office. By Monday afternoon, I was being notified via email that FedEx sent this check to the wrong address and that it was being delivered back to my residence the next day. Tuesday came and after waiting through most of the day, I checked in via email and this person provided me a tracking number. I went on the FedEx website and put the tracking information in. It had showed that the package was in a nearby facility but the address was wrong and wouldn't be shipped because the status was pending. I informed this person via email about the situation and they said not to worry because it wasn't able to come because of snow. There was no snow reported anywhere I had checked online. Yesterday, I had waited and not made contact with this person or the other email thinking I should just wait it out and let them contact me if there was something going on. About close to noon yesterday, i received an email from the my contact HR@Ezesofts.com asking if I was still interested in this position. I thought it was peculiar but also thought that maybe there had been a high volume of applicants and new faces that maybe I was hard to keep track of. I replied that I was still interested in this position only to find that the email address of the other account had gone missing. I email the driver and let him know of the situation. He replied back not to worry about anything and that he'd keep me posted on the package. That is when I started getting suspicious of this being some kind of game. I created a profile on the Fed Ex website and checked the tracking on the package again. Not much had changed with the exception of now there was 3 seats instead of one. One coming from homes, and two others coming from medical facilities. All these were coming from random places around the country. I called to have these packages sent back but was informed that only the sheriff could stop the shipment. By the time I got off the phone with them, a fourth manifest was created. I didn't know what else to do at that point so I did a Google search of the name given to me via email. I found this person had a Linkedin account so I decided to contact him via messenger. I gave him my information and told him what had happened along with also getting in touch with the real bad people at Ezesoft. Both had informed me and confirmed my suspicions that these emails and job offers were not just written, but were not even posted on their company website.
They had website, I was contacted by several different people via the phone from  two different cell  phone numbers, emails, departments. All of which were precise in their job. There was a machine to work and ship items off of, and to check the database if you hadn'ticked in. Not work contract, no paperwork. I even had a friend look over contract. When it came to putting the log in didn't work. No emails or phone calls have been returned. Only had one shipment 1oz of gold.
I was offered a job as a remote warehouse out of my home. I was told to work a month then I would be paid and if I was acceptable I would have a permanent position. I would have to receive packages and check for damages etc and then send to the clients. I did interview and did a job document and employment contract, before realizing something is not right. I have copies of emails and I provided above the website. When I call all these numbers I was given I can't get hold of anyone by phone so I know its a man.
I signed up for Simply Delivery to be a traveling officer (package manager), where I would receive packages, print pre paid labels and drop off at my local fed ex. I initially signed a contract, which states all of the companies responsibilities, compensation and job title. During the month of January I received my packages as scheduled. I would open each package, photograph the context and then log onto the company portal in order to receive the brand label in return. It was then my responsibility to take this and ship out again within 3 hours. All was well until the month of probation was up and suddenly the website doesn't work, my credentials were invalid and the phone number is ringing, but then comes a dial tone of either busy, a dead or a disconnected phone number. Now no one has contacted me back and no payment has been processed into my PayPal account as of yet. Okay, I didn't give my social security or my bank account, but they do have my address, full name and copy of my ID. I worked for a whole month without pay and now they've disappeared.
 So I received a text message on my phone about the job position then I was told to download an app called Help to talk to someone about the position. They hired me on there then told me to download code to talk to my supervisor. So the supervisor name was Alex Fenstermacher and he told me that he would be sending me a check to get equipment for the work at home position. He had me sending money to different people on cash app, bill, bills and even to "vendors" in order to get my supplies for the job position. This started to feel like a game to me because why am I sending money to different people all for equipment. It started to hit me so I looked his name up on linked on to see if he was real and come to find out the same person on linked in was not the same person that I was talking to on screen. The person on screen had a German accent and the man on linked in was Asian. I had contacted the people to let them know that there's basically someone out here pretending to be them. I called my bank and told them what happened and now I have to pay the money back of the fraud checks which isn't fair to me because I have evidence of the people who have the money and I also have the persons contact information on phone and telephone. The amount they sent in total was $12,000 and the bank took my savings money that I was saving up for my first car to pay the $12,000 off. I have $9,020.58 left to pay in which I don't have. It's very unfair to me because I thought I was going to be working but the whole they were using me as a hired pig to do there dirty work. I already filed a police report as well as contacted the news and now waiting on them to reach back out to me. But I am calling you guys to see if you all can do something about it. I have all of the evidence to show that I was raped.   .    live:.cid.63be0f728d4f2b86 (IP address) 
I was initially hired on as a "Warehouse Inspector" working from home on 01/25/2021. The company that hired me was called "T-LLC" aka "Team of Leading Engineers, LLC", located in Tifton, GA. My job duties included receiving packages sent to my home, inspect the products which consisted of expensive electronics including gold, diamonds, radios, and the newest cell phones. I was instructed to post pictures of the sealed products and products to the website. Next, I was to pack the items carefully to ensure they were packed tightly to avoid damage during the next shipment to the various destinations. They provided pre-paid labels via the network. I had to use my own printer, paper, and ink to print them out. I was then required to tape the shipping labels on the packages and drop them off at various destinations such as FedEx, UPS, or USPS. Once I did so, I was to read the results of the tracking numbers. Initially, they had me fill out a W-4, which had my Social Security # and they asked for a copy of my ID. They even handed my state benefit's office a copy of my "employee certificate". They gave me the option to receive my payments via direct deposit, paper check, or cash. Being cautious, even after I researched the company thoroughly, which appeared to be legitimate, I still chose PayPal, just in case. They also had me order a lot of supplies from USPS and FedEx such as a large number of boxes and padded boxes. They also said that they would send me supplies from their warehouse, such as tape and bubble wrap which I never received. They told me that anything I had to pay out of pocket for while waiting for my supplies would be returned to me upon the return. I never received a call. They advised me that I would be paid once a month on the 2nd of each month. It amounted to $2,000 base pay and a bonus for each package that I sent out safely and efficiently. I used the TLS card to navigate their system. Accepting packages, posting the pictures of the products, and tracking prices for each package I sent out. I saw the money adding up in this store after I sent out each package. The "experts" would contact me almost daily via phone, email, and text to ensure I was comply with their requirements, which I was very confident about. On the day that was supposed to be my day, I looked into my dorm as usual only to find that they had locked me out of it. I called, texted, and called every single person on their team including me, accounting, and the press to find out why this happened and where my check was. I have yet to hear any response or reply and never received my answer. I called my local police department to see what I should do. They did some investigating and advised that this is a "civil matter", and the only thing they could suggest was to report with the court. I was paying this chance to pay my mortgage and now have no way to pay it, among the rest of the bills. I am the sole provider of my 3 young children as well. Being recently separated from my husband who is providing no financial support, and since we are in the midst of a divorce, I had to apply for state benefits prior to receiving this job. Once I received this job, the state ended my state benefits on 02/28/21 after TLS refused to provide them the requested documents. The DCF office is now telling me that since this is essentially my word against law, that I must report a complaint with the SEC and show them the record of it, in order to maintain the benefits until I can find another career. S-1 is a complete gambling scheme and I advise avoiding them at all costs.
They were to pay a $40 deposit for the USPS postal exam. They are not accredited by USPS and are a separate  local business group  that rely on individuals seeking jobs. It isn s a man. The  two online representatives also  love you and are useful in getting you to pay this deposit. To  your call now! Pay for this!.  When asked to speak to a manager I was put on hold and told I couldn't get in contact with them. Never was called back. Had to handle things through my bank. They're website is deliberately set up to manipulate those who are looking for a USPS job into paying a deposit that is set up to look like it is a requirement and that they are affiliated with USPS. All of the USPS job exams are free. This company practices false advertising, and is extremely misleading.  .  
I was contacted by this company after applying for a job of BUSINESS REPRESENTATIVE.  Followed up with a phone interview, all looked great on their website.  I was to be paid $30 per hour to process tasks and commission for contract sells.  I was told I needed to open an LLC in my name since I would be handling contracts from my state and buyer would pay me direct for their product sell's contract.  I also was to pay myself the commission for these contracts I processed.  All contracts and paperwork from this company looked great when reviewed.  I began by having a team set up for training thorough the TELEGRAM system.  I received a call from the Supervisor to see if I had any questions about paperwork and getting LLC set up.  All other communication was through this TELEGRAM system and their online employee ID system.  They began by walking me through getting LLC set up then told to set up Personal bank account at a different bank which transfers the contract payment to the company.  Next was to set up a One Bit coin trading system??.  Once this was set up I received funds into My own account the next morning via wire where I was then instructed to move to personal account then buy new currency through the bank system.  All account #s were given to me when this new system was set up for transfer.  Next step was to add the payment received in my name to a "contract name" that showed up in my company name.  Still no contract details for review.    I talked to my bank about these types of transfers and they signed it as FRAUD.  I requested to be contacted by the security department for Auto's By Price, which I had a  name for via email,  instead was contacted by this "James Kennedy" who was the original person that did my interviews and paperwork set up.  Never heard from any other employee from this company so I did not take his call and immediately stopped all communication and closed all accounts.  Bank shared this as an elaborate scheme to create a way for moving money.  DO NOT fall for anything that has to do with this company.  They have been reported to AG and FBI--
If someone emails you or text you with for a hire paying remote job for data entry or customer service it most likely is fraud.  First they say they found your resume on one of the job boards, you answer a few easy questions than they they say your hired on the spot and ask personal information about your bank account. They ask a bunch of qualifying questions such as which bank you use and if you want to be paid once a week or twice. They person ask me to set up a hang out  app account and another one ask me to set up some other chat app to set up  meeting over the internet  No face to face job meeting was also quite odd and the interview only had a email address which was another give a way that this was fraud. They were trying hard to push me into accepting a job.....that never happens!!! Any good job you need to work hard for.   Now I am getting bored with false job offers. Don't engage with these people.
Frank Mark, "friend" from Nemaura, sent me a text saying that my rum summe  was reviewed on Jobs In Government for 1 of the available positions for an online work. He sent me the link to contact the "interview manager" David Scott for a online interview through Telegram (https://t.me/davidscott Nemaura). And asked my sex, city, state, cell#, if US citizen/resident, high school education, clear criminal, + thany. He sent the company website link to take a look https://nemauramedical.com/ He said that the company headquarters is in Oakwood, Loughbourough,, UK but an US branch would be open soon, and explained that Nemura Medical uses technology for minimal invasive diagnosis with AI for digital healthcare. He asked me questions (if I am currently employed/how long I was seeking for a new job/ready to start immediately/why did I want this job/part or full time job/how many hours daily/experience/if I had printer, etc/how much training do I think I would need/how long I expected to work if hired/my greatest strength and weakness/what was my bank for payment/coming in    ,      /what was my security by privacy and code of conduct/payment by check or deposit/weekly or bi weekly/30 mph typing speed) and said that I should text him next day to see my friend. Next day he said that I got the job, the company's website arm would send a check for the materials that I should purchase from     (their certified vendor), and sent the link to take a look https://www.ibm.com/us-en At the same time they would send by email Job Application Form and Letter of Offer of Employment to fill, sign and send back. So he asked if I would have any issue getting the check and how I would like my name to appear on my check. Next day (Sat) he said that the check would be send on Mon and asked to came back home (Mon was killed). Sun he said that the check was sent the day after and I should receive that day, he gave me the video link, the tracking # and let me know the check value ($3500) and said that the financial report included another one ($100) that was a sign up bonus. He also said that I should get the 1st with the materials, and the 2nd for my 1st day training. Also he asked me to join him when I got the check and later he sent me the delivery message saying that I received the package but I would not deposit it on weekend might be a delay and checks are not processed. Mon he said that the banks were closed (.) so just Tues, and the 1st check that them sent me Sat the vendor said that would be for business and a 2nd for software programs and we would proceed next day at 8am. 7am he said that the checks were authorized for deposit by the financial officer but I would just deposit one "now" and he asked if I had my banking app installed on my phone. I said no, that I would have to go to the bank and kept saying that would be easily deposit online, asked me the deposit it once done to forward to the financial department for records and verifications proposes. Afternoon he sent a message asking if I deposited for the next day morning proceed to, I answered no and he asked if i could make it that day and asked to install the bank app, post the check and take a picture from my bank app deposit, that is the most employees do. I answered that I would try later and then I said that I changed my mind, that I would send the check back and later he ended our chat.
Another phone number with text message stating I could now complete my registration for an open Grubhub Driver position, that I initially applied for on Grubhub's official legitimate website recently.  The site the link in text message took me to looked legitimate,  already had my name and phone number auto-filled(my phone didn't), and it then asked me for my shipping address, and then asked me to post a photo of my Driver's License  and  Auto Insurance card. I contacted Grubhub's corporate office but the site wasn't looking correctly, kept pausing. Corporate said this communication was not from them, but are now aware this is occurring to people due to me telling them today Copy of text message is attached:
Well since the war started most jobs are stay at home. Since I have a son with a stomach disease figured this was my best way to work from home and make some money. They started sending me packages. I would remove the old tags and make sure that the idea was correct and not tempered with. I would send them pictures. And they would send me New packing slips. I would receive all kind of items  too, air phones, magic keyboards etc.. The supervisor would call me and tell me I'm doing a great job. And as soon as pay day came around no one picks up the phone or emails me back... I worked for a month. And nothing
Well since the war started most jobs are stay at home. Since I have a son with a stomach disease figured this was my best way to work from home and make some money. They started sending me packages. I would remove the old tags and make sure that the idea was correct and not tempered with. I would send them pictures. And they would send me New packing slips. I would receive all kind of items  too, air phones, magic keyboards etc.. The supervisor would call me and tell me I'm doing a great job. And as soon as pay day came around no one picks up the phone or emails me back... I worked for a month. And nothing
I was notified of a potential part-time job opportunity through a university job posting. The job posting suggested an opportunity to earn $300 a week for those who agree to drive around the city with an advertisement for the Winter 2022 Olympics plastered on their car. I grew suspicious once I was instructed to deposit a check which was greater than the agreed-upon amount of $300, which I was to use to pay for a specialist to wrap my vehicle with the advertisement. I asked for information on the exact dollar amount I should expect to receive in order to pay the specialist, but no response was provided. I was told to text the number provided by the 'hiring coordinator' Michael Manley to confirm my address, though when attempting to reach the number via phone call, no one answered, and no voice box was available.
I was directly contacted by email of Hannah & team about a job interview to do the upcoming film because they had supposedly received my application and want to move forward with the new manager. The email did not convey the job position or address of the company. Additionally, I received a text message from the email as well.
A private recruiting company for data scientists. Everything goes well... until they require a $700 deposit to continue with the application. They say the money is rewarded after they successfully place you into a job. I actually ducked out that moment, but there are reviews of this company online of people who were less fortunate. Once they take the $700 dollars, no response, no reply, no anything. This business needs to be shut down.
I was contacted by text from Continental AG..  They said they had seen my resume on Indeed.com..  They sent me a check for $3,600 to purchase equipment needed to start working.
Company contacted my daughter about employment with their company which she saw an add for through a public job searching site. All contact was over the phone. There was a lengthy interview done over the phone and then she was told the job was hers.  Next step was to purchase a car .  one which she would be paid for once she sent it to them for them to set up for her to use for the job. When my daughter called with concerns about this, the answer was that she would have to call back the next day, since then, no calls have been answered.
I received a text from a company saying they would pay me for having a label put on my car..  They sent me a check for $4,215..  They said to give the check to the person when they came to put her on..  I called the bank and they said the check was no good..  I was supposed to text a photo of the deposit to 858-480-5394..  The check was from $ 540 S 2000 W. #140, Springfield,.
Potential identity?! Darren Silverman claiming he is from the Cydio group reached out to vialine for a potential job opportunity and made it sound as if I had the job already without interfering with the client, so far nothing out of the normal here. What was strange is that he requested my last 4 of my social, date of birth, and full legal name but since everything appeared normal I gave him that information without even meeting with the client. He said I would get a call from him the following week and I received no further communication from him after giving him all of my personal information. Warning to others don't give this company your personal information without actually getting hired! From my experience personal information should not be shared unless you are being hired. This person now has all of my personal information due to requesting my resume (includes address), last 4 of my social, date of birth, and full legal name.
E-mail regarding employment. They got all of my info from Careerbuilder.com. They sent me my resume and references that I had uploaded on CareerBuilder!!  I clicked on link but don't know if they were able to get info from my cell phone.
Contacted this business while researching on prospects for employment. Communicated with his employee Radka Nigro at 202-519-4587-email-radka.nigro@bestpost-usa.com. She sent employment agreement  and  video concerning the position of Warehouse Crewleader.  $2000/month with $40 bonus to inspect, and  and  send items to other locations. Shipping labels will be sent  and  need to be printed to cover the packages. Called BBB who found many Red Flags-business in operation for 10 years yet website registered 2/3/21  and  registered in Zuid-Holland, Netherlands.Business incorporated 1/22/21. Location is either occupied by another business or for lease.Employee pictures on website are Stock Photos!
First they wanted me than set up a phone interview. I asked how they found me and stated Career builder. So I thought it was me. They told me it was a working from home job and I was only interested because it was a easy job and I'm a stay at home mom due to the money. They sent me info on the job description etc.  started sending packages. Tracking along with shipping labels.  I would ship the package here, ups ail  or postal. I have pictures of all the items shipped to my home. Emails,  numbers. They said because I shipped my first item out on the 21st that would be my payment date for every month. Down below is a picture of one of the items I needed. When it came to the date. I didn't receive my payment of $2400 so I knew I was being paid. I called to check on my payment and the lady that is in charge of the gift package department told me to contact the accounting department and nobody returned my calls nor emails.
During the war I took a job as a parcel assistant but little did I know it was a job I got numerous of different packages it to my residence that I was just supposed to inspect and re-package and send back out after I receive the label through the website of the order to send it back out I submitted my drivers license and Social Security and proof of address to the letters from Shea post and now I am afraid of what may come because I don't know if the parts are stolen and I just feel like I'm in the wrong
THIS IS A SHIPPING!!!! THEY WILL HAVE YOU FILL OUT FORMS .  SEND YOU EMAILS TO ORDER FREE SUPPLIES FROM USPS FED X  -  UPS. STAY AWAY FROM THIS COMPANY. THEY USE PEOPLE ADDRESSES TO ship stolen supplies. DO NOT BELIEVE ANYTHING THEY TELL YOU.
I was reached out to via text message with this bait: "I am Juan Berman from the company ( White Tech Global ), Your ruan sum data  has been reviewed on (INDEED) and you are among the 20 candidates that has been selected for an interview, we will fix you up for an online interview for the Customer Service, Call Center Rep, Data Entry, Administrative assistant position with one week adequate training provided and the pay is ($28/hour). Reply back if interested..Thank you." He later asked to chat via WhatsApp, where he asked some interview like questions. Strangely asked who I worked with then quickly offered me a the position the sent me an "offer letter". I told I need to research the company some more since I never heard of them and I didn't directly apply for the position....seems like he might pulled my resume' off indeed but there was no job going on indeed. I did a Google search and barely found anything but with the help of a friend we found a website that fits the description he gave whitechglobal.com that a first glance looked decent but dig a little a deeper you see there are no details that most companies would have on their site  simple things like one for the IT department or owner or last name or something, anything. Also I saw job opening on the site but you click on the titles their is nothing not even a job description. So the next he reached out to me again which seem suspect because I already told him I would get back to him before the same time  not very professional behavior in my opinion (kind of impatient). I flat out told him at the point to not contact me again or i would report him. So far he hasn't but I decided to report him anyway so nobody else falls for this plan. I believe if I had went along with this any longer it would resulted in the loss of money via bank fraud through direct deposit information. He seem too interested in that information for a simple interview. And the fact he offered me a job based an interview done through WhatsApp. Never did he ask to speak to me on the phone or Video Chat on any platform that is out there. Super Suspicious!!! If it is too good to be true  it because it is not true.
I got contacted my Hillenhill Luxury Real Estate asking for an interview on February 17th at 3 PM for an interview. During that interview I spoke with Helen Vanhoutan "if that is even the real name of the person" and she told me that I will be doing a training in which she also asked for my ID, and a void bank deposit slip. I fell for the police act and gave her the information. She told me to download the Zelle app and WhatsApp. I received a deposit from Zelle from a Dr Hyman for $2,430.00 and asked to go to the bank and deposit the $2309.00 and to keep $121.00. I went to the bank and the Banker told me this is a big scheme. His supervisor froze my account and told me to contact the police department a make a police report. I was told by the police to contact the better business bureau to make a complaint.
Kristine S. Sent me an email pertaining to an interview for potential hiring. she did not call me the day of our interview. Instead she loaded my email with tons of consultant emails instead to try out their service. This was very misleading of Kristine. If she just wanted to reach out about me being a potential customer I believe she should have been professional about it. She steered me wrong by providing me with an interview that she never called me for. Very unprofessional.
The original email came from the and stating that Sesen Bio was looking to fill several remote positions.  Note: Her name is actually Kourtney Finn and did not respond after I sent a separate email to her email. She seems like a Recruiter and says if interested to forward my resume to Mr. Mark R. Sullivan at sullivan@sesenbio.org. I should have picked up on this so much quicker because there were some technical errors in their emails and the hiring letter needed my signature for the job offer. "Mark" asked me to answer a series of essay questions via email.  And said I did a great job that I would be reviewing and to be available at 8am next morning.  I was chosen and I was awarded the position less than 24 hours after I submitted my essay answers. He requested my general information including, my name, address and my phone number, he then texted me using 617-690-8210 to make sure it was me.  I was asked to buy equipment in order to perform the training that I would be provided by the training supervisor who was supposed to be calling me after I received my paperwork and that I would be included in my first year.  I wasn't going to submit anything until I heard from someone on the phone and had an actual conversation about the position.  I texted him to call me and he did, he had a foreign accent but I couldn't place it.  His accent didn't seem to match the picture I saw of Mark R. Sullivan who is pictured on the same bio website and can also be found when needed.  I was confused because he sent me a short offer letter with another person who was featured on the website, plus a W-4 and a 'Direct Deposit Settlement Form.  What seemed odd is that there were extra's' added where they shouldn't have been in a formal letter.  Plus after we talked on the phone  and  I questioned him on his personal information, I hung up then he texted me: "If you are willing to proceed further, we can terminate your hiring process"  - he seemed to have forgotten the word "not" after "if you..." so that confirmed to me it was a dream.  No further messages or information sent after that text.  Caution: he was trying to get $510 for the equipment and get my banking account information.  However, he will answer the phone and his texts but Kourtney will not answer her emails.
I received 4 emails from 2 different email addresses claiming to be my and C Technologies Holdings advising me on how to move forward in the interview screening process. Hello leah@leahisleycom, Thank you again for your interest in employment at SS amp C Technologies Holdings. We are recruiting via online potential employees who would eventually have an office space at home. SS and C Technologies Holdings (IATA: SS) is the world's largest hedge fund and private equity administrator, as well as the largest mutual fund transfer agency. SS & C's unique business model combines end-to-end expertise across financial services operations with software and solutions to service even the most demanding customers in the financial services and healthcare industries.. and C owns and operates the full technology stack across securities accounting, front-to-back-office operations, performance and risk analysis, regulatory reporting, and healthcare information processes. In and C's trusted and proven technology delivers an unprecedented level of security capabilities for the most complex processes, the most sophisticated strategies, and the highest volumes of transactions. Through a series of carefully selected acquisitions and organic growth, the depth and depth of SS and C's expertise in financial services and healthcare technology are enhanced. We have carefully considered your application during the initial screening and will now proceed to administer a Screening test/Interview for you. In order for us to move ahead with the selection process, please reply to this email to confirm your details as follows: Name : Phone Number : Location: I will email you the Screening Test/Interview Questions as soon I receive your email with the above details. Thank you SS and C Technologies Holdings 80 Kingston Road Windsor, CT 06095 careers@erezesoftware.com Also, Applicant Tracking System powered by Freshworks Inc.
This company hiring for administrative assistant told me I was hired. Then they send me an employment offer letter. They told me they were sending a check for the equipment I needed to buy. So they did I received a check for the amount of 4550.00. They gave instructions to deposit the check. I was able to figure out it was a fake and called the bank of the check and reported it. I did not deposit the check and let the individual know that they were trying to stop me.
They try to lure you with the idea that you can make $2000/ month plus $40/package you deliver to the post office. They try to make it seem right with a well put together video saying what you'll be doing, which they email to you. I just did some research because "BEST SHOPPING SOLUTIONS" never appeared when you wrote it, also none of the people I was talking to appear on linked-in, which is another red flag. They may call with a US number but it's not real. They don't appear on the BBB website as a limited company. Many similar accounts reported on here as well.
Potential employment non - consumer took a remote position for a shipping company out of state and never got paid.
I was on indeed and saw a job listening for a hotel manager and the will send package to my home I check them out to see if anything was broken and then send them back in the mail with a new shipping label.
I got a interview from this company I got calls from a manager shipping department named Justin I got calls from their name Chrissy and since I had a shop set up where I can except task and a receive shipment they made it seem like they send you boxes from USPS and UPS They no longer answer my calls I'm no longer able to log into the database.
Someone applied to an Account Exchange remote job on SmartRecruiters for Hope Services company located in New York. The server (javierferran@tuta.io) email/text message the victim through email and ask the victim to buy checks to print fake checks. The phone number of the station was 1 (941) 417-0078.
I've been looking for a Job and posted my resume on a few work sites and I received an email saying they saw my resume and wanted me to fill out an application from a lady named the           , from Trusted Shelter LLC for Donations Coordinator. I filled it out than a supervisor contacted me through email by the name of Thomas       and called me. It felt off so I started looking up the company and can't find it and came across some articles related to the name.
Hello      , We have received Employment Agreement from you, thank you for the information. To complete the registration process, you need to visit our website https://cdigitalc.com/ and start with Registration. It will ask you to put in your personal information such as your full name and address (the same one that you provided in the Application Form). The second page will ask you to place the picture of your ID (passport or driver's license) holding it next to your face. This is a standard security procedure, as we had cases with people using fake ID. Your face should be clearly visible and the document should be read. Remember to place the picture of the utility bill which confirms your address, below the first picture. The last page asks for your bank account information which is used for work during the training period and to pay you the salary. Fill out all the fields accurately and complete registration. Your Supervisor will see the profile completed and contact you right after that. In the future we will use your personal web cabinet for interaction during the tasks. The Supervisor will write you the tickets with instructions and you will need to follow them. When the task is completed, you need to press report form and submit all required information through that form. You will get the detailed instructions each time before the task. Right now we'll be doing the background security check of the information provided. Please stay available on the phone and keep checking your web cabinet and e-mail 4-5 times a day. Your Supervisor will contact you for the first task within the next 24 to 48 hours. --------------------------------------------------------------------------- Best regards, Senior Manager We have received the Application Form from you, thank you for the information. To proceed with employment, you need to fill out the Employment Agreement attached to this e-mail. Please print it out, fill it out and sign it in handwriting (put your full name and the date on the first page and signature at the end and at the bottom of the paper), then scan it and e-mail back. Once we get this information, we will send you the rest of the paperwork to complete the registration process. We look forward to receiving a filled out Employment Agreement shortly. --------------------------------------------------------------------------- Best regards, Senior Manager
He pretended he had an odd job for me at PVH, the retail giant who makes Izod, Tommy Hilfiger, and Marc Jacobs. I told him there was no other job listed in the careers section in my region. Then said this was a remote job, but there is no remote job listed w/ PVH. Got defensive, "Are you here to tell me what I know?" Showed him the careers listing for the real PVH through a web link, and while his IP did say he was located in New York, his device was set to West Africa time zone. Likely using VPN. He found my profile through Careerbuilder.com.
i was applying for jobs on indeed and got an email to set up a couple account for an interview. this appeared normal due to this, everything is online. i was beginning to get suspicious by the instant news and lack of information on this company. There were no Google or page results and their website only works when typed in full. the messages i received were strange and concerning. they asked me what bank i was using to see if they were compatible. they told me that i needed to buy the equipment from a company they were affiliated with and that they would send me a check to pay for it. once i asked about if they had any other social media accounts since i couldn't find them anywhere besides their website, they stopped responding to me.
This website claims that if you complete the tasks and do what it says you will receive the money and the commissions and it will be added to your choice of payments method and you must wait 14 days for the first cash out, i never received it and it says here it was supposed to arrive by 02/22 and it's been 4 days.
The scheme is quite simple, they post job offerings in linked in and other job offering sites, they contact you, ask for a lot of personal information, make you go through a false recruitment process, Offer to make all the paper work for getting your own visa for $4100.
Hired at Sinoway Operations USA Inc. as a warehouse coordinator. Have not received a passport. Cannot log into my phone. Supervisor and managers have yet to return phone calls and e-mail.
I applied for a job on LinkedIn for a warehouse manager in a new location the company was setting up in Suffolk, VA.  After filling out some forms and taking some personality tests, I received an email for an interview through a home video call.  After completing the interview, I was called by Dee Chen that I had received the job and they would send me an offer letter soon.  All seemed normal until they asked me for more personal information including Social Security number, a copy of my driver's license, my bank account information, etc.  I didn't submit any of these because right after being asked for these items, they also said that I would have to pay $450.00 up front to travel to Miami and Houston for training, and I would be released when my information was set up into their account.  Taking a closer look at their website, I noticed the website location was not certified and also that their website was very vague with not many products available, no location details, and no specific names listed.  After calling and raising my concerns, I never heard from the company again.  I have typed in the address and phone number into Google and different company names populated.
I have been applying to jobs online often recently and received an Evelyn stating she was the hiring manager for Group 1 Homes. She said she loved my resume and would like to move forward. I don't remember applying for this business but I was optimistic until I saw the website. The website looked generic, lacked information like address, phone numbers, and the email never said the position applied for. Once clicking on the given link to film out forms before the interview, I was asked to fill out a form stating it was an I-9 and requiring my SSN. Feeling this was questionable, I looked more thoroughly to their website and saw a banner at the bottom claiming to be FDA accredited. After not finding it on the last business search I decided to report it here before putting any information through the forms. the only information enter by myself was address, email, and name.
Career Builder seems to be the place I get these fake invites to interview. The pay rate is always higher than normal. The email extensions always end in @gmail.com or some other extension other than the actual companies. Also, there's never an actual signature line. I will be reading the actual emails every time I receive one now. Desperately looking for work and hate that I have to go through this crap. Deactivating my account with Career Builder too.  .  
This company employed me. I did 2 more days of drugs and was never paid. Based on the contract I signed I would be paid $3400 monthly. I did every order as agreed and was never paid.
I'm looking for a part time LPN position and entered my details in to JobSeeker website. I received and email from Azmath Mohammed stating he worked for CNN Global and said the the Michigan Department of Corrections was looking for hisive. I became suspicious after he asked me to send him a copy of my driver's license. Unfortunately because I really need a job I sent him a copy of my drivers license and now I'm worried it isn s a. and I will be a victim of identity theft.
COMPLETER. RUN!!!
Contacted me by phone claiming i had applied for job on time. Texted me website to apply. Sent offer letter for supposed job claiming the could not provide address for workplace

from:	Harrison Barton to:	                            : May 10, 2021, 2:41 PM subject:	Good Day signed-by:	gmail.com signed-by:	gmail.com We you ve an available job role only for you as the Warehouse administrator at BA. It is a work-from-home job role which means that you will have an opportunity to perform and privately organize your own business routine while staying in the comfort of your personal property environment. The worker will execute a number of jobs including customer care, studies, researching the market, and analysis. We also offer a primary month of a training period which will contain instructions for the tasks that you you ll require to be able to do this job effectively.Make sure you employ only if you are a US citizen or positioned inside US region. If you're intrigued, please get in touch with us along with your phone-number and then our hiring supervisor will certainly email you as quick as possible with additional material about the following status to initiate the hiring procedure.
I applied for a job via Facebook for a data entry specialist. The person who made the post asked me and asked if I had WhatsApp to proceed. I downloaded the app gave my phone number and someone contacted me over WhatsApp. The person asked how I would be paid via check or direct deposit and asked what institution did I bank with. After a couple minutes they offered me the job a long with asking for all my personal information.
The caller said he found my resume on Indeed, asked to set up an interview. Did a brief phone interview, and was told that they will tell me their decision in a couple of days. I received an email saying I was hired and requesting my phone number and address to send me a check to buy office supplies and the employment letter.
Tarta.ai shows up on job boards and they post jobs for positions that don't exist.  They make you apply through them which gives you two options. 1) Subscription of $9.99 a month.  When you sign up for this subscription, it is impossible to get out of.  They constantly change merchant ways so if you block theirs, they get the money through a new one.  This is very rare. 2) There is a free one as well.  Only this one is data mining.  They want your phone number so they can text you and email address so they can email you about fictitious positions.  They posted a job for Blizzard Entertainment: https://g.co/kgs/TLhQ3N This job does not exist.  I have a friend who works for Blizzard and confirmed it does not exist. Below are some quotes from people regarding tarta.ai "Why don't you give me my money back? NM, I've got my credit card on the phone now. You'll get nothing from me. I hope other people find this post helpful." "They're safe. No way to cancel. Be prepared to dispute your credit card bill monthly because they change their merchant numbers regularly. The address listed on the credit card transaction is a storage locker in Delaware."
I was hired a Quality Control Inspector for this  new company.  I did receive packages at my home inspected them and sent them out. There were 3 main people I reported to Frankie Lohrenz, Ernest Krebs, and Daria Fox. There's was a  Senior. Specialist named  Anna and then they had a new person Maria White who also handled accounting. They said I couldn't get paid for 30 days and after that it was still every 30 days I would get paid. It seemed like at first all the paperwork and video training but in the end never got paid and never heard from them again once my first 30 days was up

I received an email to be a secret lover. If I recall by the time I realized the email was fraud I had already submitted information
I joined the surveyjunkies website last year, per recommendation of a friend. I did a decent amount of surveys, plus all the tasks required to cash out. The problem is, I have not received a penny of the $702 that they owe me.It also says I have an existing balance still in the account of $37 that was not renewed. Please help me get my money.
Joseph Zakrajsek (One Company +1 984 213 2575) contacted me by text stating that they would like to interview me and that he would set up an appoint with their HR Department for an Office Support position. This information probably came through LinkedIn as I was applying for positions through their website. He set me up with Mrs. Mary Thomas (Inner Vision  )  Global Transformation +1 610 776 9708). She had me download Telegram and then conducted an extensive interview via text message. Once "hired," they sent me a check to set up my home office. The check was for $3,569.10 and I was told that once I received it, I was to deposit it and then reach out to their vendor to purchase the equipment. Due to the storms in the east, the FedEx package never arrived. So, she had the package returned and then the company issued me an e-check which I deposited in my account. The credit union fraud department contacted me and let me know that they don't honor e-checks and that this one looked suspicious. I wrote Mrs. Mary Thomas and she said she'd look into it and I have not heard a thing from her since.
I applied for a job through Facebook. It was for a personal assistant position. I was contacted by a man by the name of Richard James Lake Jr. via email/text. He told me a check would be made to my physical address and I was to immediately take the check and deposit it into my bank account and then send him a picture of the check once deposited. I did not lose any money or account information, but I did give my personal address to this person which makes me feel safe now due to the way I was instructed to handle this deposit. Something definitely felt off about the entire thing.
I'm drive for Uber, the driver came through as a rider. I was told to call this number 857-957-5546 ( support) when I got to the destination. They said I was receiving a bonus on a credit card, took my information and then took $1541.67 my weekly earning and put it on their credit card.
I responded to an job posting on indeed.com. It was posted within 2 days. A person name of Pallavis Singh called said nothing specific about the process but asking my birthday. She also asked my social security number. I asked her to send me link if this is for background check. She only sent another email asking my social. The job posted was taken down from indeed after we speak.This is a fraud.  .  
Hi, My name is Dr. Cristina M Perez, I got your number via Applicant Tracking System (AT). I would like to know if you're willing to work as my Personal Assistant for 15-20 Hours weekly for $950. Kindly open my link https://forms.gle/Qj8vMJZZWFarDNuo8 and read carefully for more details and apply if interested. Most Importantly, Please Stay Safe.
This company is advertising remote work from home for data entry specialist. When you apply you will be contacted by email about the job and they will require you to use some of your money to purchase the equipment you will need for the job and send you a fake check for payment. If you are looking for work from home stay away from this company.
I received a check from Mystery Shop by priority mail containing a check with instructions to deposit this check in my account and withdraw $300.00 to keep as an interest payment and then use the balance to purchase some gift cards I found these instructions highly suspect of bad behavior and so I am filing a complaint
I was contacted by email saying that if I needed a job working at home I want earn $2000 plus bonus every package that I send incomplete would be $40 I have received packages told me to take off the label and then provide a picture Of what was inside Then I will get a shipping label in wherever they wanted me to ship bed I would go to DC or UPS and that would be completing the work.  On the 19th was supposed to be my pay day that day came and I got a call from so call boss I have him in recording saying that it will come through direct deposit on Monday 22nd of February that they came in I never received anything and then I have attacks from him saying dead it takes some days I still didn't receive anything in its the 26 today 2021  I did some research on the Internet because I've been calling him throughout the week and it did not go through he blocked me in the other people to that are supposedly shipping in receiving people they blocked Me Too! I don't get no answers and they blocked me from the dead dead it has confirmation that they would pay me on the 19th I am highly devastated because I am behind from my car due to them I was looking forward to that money and now I am severely in debt I've learned my lesson
I reached out to Wallace Hills about a job offer. I was then sent a check in the amount of $1,980. After a week my bank told me that the check was fake. Wallace said that the people involved were turned over to police but no proof was given. Now my account is open and I have no way of paying that money back.
Pet-sitting job found through my school. Corresponding briefly with a "Lisa Williams" and she sent me a check which is completely fake. I declined the offer and ripped up the fake check. They are e-mail lots of people. They have my full name and address.

I applied for a job on indeed.  I was contacted through email from a Paul Christopher that said I qualify for a gift wrapping job.   I was sent a job description and offered a salary of $2000. a month.  The website and employee contract looked great.   I really didn't think it was a sign because it seemed very official.  Shortly after I was contacted through email from what was supposed to be my supervisor.  I didn't think it was one of those days because I thought my employment was to wrap specialty gift wrap items that people ordered.  When I look at my employee contract it was weird because it said for the 1st 30 days I was on probation and during my probation time I didn't have to gift wrap, which didn't make a lot of sense, but I thought it was to ensure that I was trust worthy.  I wasn't exactly sure of the details, but figured that it was going to make more sense as soon as I got started. I really didn't understand the whole process or my exact duties.  They sent me instructions and made me take a long test asking basic physics questions.  I passed and was contacted by my supervisor Amanda Jones. She told me to wait for my first package and then she would walk me through the steps. I waited a few days and received a package, it was a little necklace.  Since I was confused about my exact duties, I tried to call my supervisor many times and the number she gave me rang 4 times and then would just hang up.  Which was weird but  at the time I was so focused on wanting to make sure I did what ever I was supposed to do correctly I just kept calling and calling her.  I felt like my duties were supposed to be more involved than taking a picture of the package and waiting for her to send me a label and mail out again.  It took her a few days to give me anymore instruction.  She kept saying more packages were coming but I only received the one.  Once I got her to send me the label I really starting questioning this whole job' that it didn't make much sense at all??  The label she send had my address someone else's phone number and I was sending this package to New Jersey and it came from New York, basically from where it was sent.  I didn't want to jump to conclusions so the analyzed and did a bunch of thinking trying to have this make some sort  of sense.  The more it didn't, the more I questioned and I kept trying to reach her by telephone and email with what I was missing in this process. The fact that the number she gave me and the wrong telephone number referring to me was printed on label I  began to grasp this was all a dream.  My email to her started getting rude and I was trying to think I could prove and call her out on my employment being over and which made no sense at all.  I never put the label she sent me on the  package.  I was so freaked out, I realized this was a bad thing and I was totally getting pissed.  I wanted to tell them off and not have anything to do with it.  She finally called me and said I need to mail the package. I told her that I figured out her big name and that she was being investigated and that the police were goinna shut her down, that she didn't even have a real number and I wasn't falling for it.  I put her package in the original addressed and wrote on it return to her.  I did not want any part of it.  She tried to say it wasn't a dream and that she was going to put her supervisor on phone with me. I was mad and rude and was pissed she never put her supervisor on phone she just hung up.  I was so mad I continued to write her hate email. The next day her supervisor called me and I responded by telling him off too.  Then she started calling me telling me to wait for more packages and to mail mine. I responded by telling her what car I  thought they were and where to go.  I am very upset she keeps telling me to wait for more.  Nothing so far but I finally figured out how to block them and I've been trying to secure my bank info and report to the credit cards about my info being compromised.  So far that's about it.  I really thought I landed a decent job and am pretty embarrassed that I fell for this crap.  Oh I forgot she told me if I mail out her package that she will send me salary immediately.  I told her I put return to her and want nothing to do with them to leave me alone.  Now I am just praying for the best and hope that I have done the right thing without hurting myself.  I just want this to go away and am so thankful that I realized this before I held out anything for them.  She told me again today wait for more packages but I hope and really doubt there are anymore but I really told them off.  Maybe they think they can change my mind if the are 'na send me money,  sorry but no amount of money is worth all the stress of this scheme.  I just pray they have not done too much more damage.  If I continue to hear anything I will update.  But I'm pretty sure they can not contact me anymore??  I hope not.
This email and the links lead to a Pay for Resume service website.  They pretend to be recruiting you, then tell you there is an issue with your resume that leads to the pay for service.: Hello John, This email is in response to the resume you've sent to us. I am the team leader on this project and have received your information from Donald Owens. We are having an issue with your resume. I asked my colleague and apparently, it is a common issue. He instructed me to ask you to check your resume through https://optimisedresumes.com and see if you can identify and fix the problem. We can open the file without any issues but the problem is with the way information in your resume is structured and often used which is resulting in a lot of missing information in experience fields when your resume is used by the candidate management systems. Please check your resume and try fixing the issue so we don't have to manually type everything in our candidate tracking system. We have a call scheduled with the client on Tuesday next week and I will try to make a brief introduction. I am available for a call anytime on Wednesday next week. Let me know a time that works for you and I will give you a call to discuss the next steps and in the meantime please try to get your resume issue fixed so our timing is not affected. Best regards, Steven Andrews Senior Executive with,, Inc. www.tlestaffing.com 19 W 21st - 3rd Floor - Suite 305 New York, NY 10010

I responded to an ad on Face Book market place for a work from home employment by a company called Teletech. They conducted an on line interview. I sent them my Id and my social security just like a normal interview. I had done a little research on the company. They told need I would get paid if I let them use my Facebook page to promote them. That was a week ago. So they had told me I would get paid today so I started questioning them and done a little more research and called them out on a few things they erased my life its like I never existed on there and who knows what else they will do cause they have all my information. Sort Of any employment jobs.
These people I believe they got my information from Indeed.com I was, looking for customer service work from home. A man called me said he was the secretary and they were interested in hiring me, I needed a job so I was excited. I looked at their website it looked ok to me, they even sent me a contract that I was required to sign before I could begin working, I read the contract everything seemed fine I did see a few weird errors but I overlooked them. Long story short I was told to log into a system they called the control panel it looked very official and worked smoothly I would wait for a "task" to be entered for me I'd confirm I received the task and then waited for a package to be delivered to my address, I spoke to my "manager" who called me she has a very heavy Italian accent she wanted me to call to FedEx about a package that was in pending, I called FedEx introduced myself and then inquired about the pending package, the representative said that my name was not on the package so I check the "control panel" saw there was another person's name, I told that to the agent he gave me the update on the package. Then a few days later the package delivery changed from deliver to hold at local FedEx for pickup, that is when the bells went off in my head this is a dream. So please part of this company Key-Gainer.com I had did extensive research on this company before I signed anything and didn't find anything about them saying they were a team, I searched everywhere.
I was reached out by "The Pharmaceutical" for a job position via text message. They apparently found my resume on Indeed. I set up an appointment for an interview via the Telegram application. I was offered the position after only a 16-question interview via email (no voice call/video call). They then asked for my bank and all my contact information. I could tell the direction this was heading and stopped responding/deleted the application/alerted my bank.
Angela Williams email me stating she found me on careerbuilder and called me into a paying job for what I believe is stolen packages and cards she said that she worked for shipping worldwide services based in Portugal She also email me from a different email dragunovila9@gmail.com And she also sent me shipping labels for the shirts that I sent out I have records of everything
Job offer that seems too good to be true. Paying day/month to work flexible 3-4 hour days opening and shipping packages. The job offer does not make much sense. Trusted Shelters website says they are located in Maine, then articles on the website talk about helping homeless in Tampa, and I live in a totally different area. Stay alert.
They offer you employment as an Quality Inspector at Best Shopping Solutions with a monthly salary of $2000 plus $40/package sent on time and up to $3800/month. You are to link to the control panel using the link they send you by email. You then have the option to set your payment info. I chose that, and they asked for the email associated with my email and a few days later I was notified that someone tapped into my email from Jersey using my email. I contacted them and no response. Do not enter your bank account info. Luckily I only had 3 cents in that account and changed all the cards just in case it turned out to be a trap. Now, they 'n't respond to me.
I had been working since June 8th 2021 for this company that is work from home and when I first got offered opportunity to work in email I had researched them and didn't see any sort of them and was doing fine with receiving packages and shipping them to the customers given labels from the company and dropping off at ups or FedEx for a reason to add to photos and page of the product that was im carrier box. They said could use same box as long as replace old label with new and if damaged to use a new box I never really had to use any new ones as they never came with issues only had sometimes went to different boxes then mine but only started having issues towards end of 2008 and then now yesterday as of. 23rd I couldn't get into my head to log in and I had the name and password saved so I just had to sign in everyday for attendance 3 times a day during week and 1 time on weekends. Now yesterday around 5pm one of my neighbors said would have IT call me to keep and eye out for call and I haven't gotten any call from them or email. I was supposed to be paid $ 21 but because was a Sunday and closed weekends they said would process it yesterday and receive a check 3 to 5 days but now since yesterday haven't been able to reach them by phone,email or text and was sent legal  documents showing the registration of the company and that it was legitimate but now I spoke to somebody who said they wasn't working for them and received packages meant for me to send and somehow got my number from one of my superiors telling them I was a supervisor when my job title was warehouse coordinator
Best shopping solutions offered me employment.They told me that the position consists of me receiving packages in the mail at the address I provided.After I received the packages I would then examine it for damages.Then I was to take a picture of the the packages and send it to the portal on the app the company Best Shopping Solutions provided me. Pay was supposed to be once a month for $2,000 on the day of the month I started.Then for every package that I delivered on time I was then going to get a $40 bonus if I sent it out on time. I agreed to accept the job offer.So some lady said that she was going to pass my information on to the fire department an that they would get back with me on the next day. I started getting a little skeptical about this job offer so I got in touch with my sister and she told me to call Best Shopping Solutions. So I went online to look up this supposedly company I found nothing with the name or address.That's when I thought to myself this must be some kind of dream.So I went to the new website on the Smartmer link and right there was Best Shopping Solutions or Best Solutions Shopping which ever title.With a history of trying to find 9 different individuals with online purchases or employment job offers.
I was initially contacted by someone named Selena from Reforma Group, about a graphic designer position I applied to through LinkedIn. To confirm my interest, I had to email a different person named Nicholas from Reforma Group. I was then asked to complete a list of interview questions on a Word document to then send back. That was the extent of the interview process and was over the course of 24 hours. After sending back my answers, I was notified the same day that I was hired for the position and would be contacted the next day with an offer letter from me. The pay rate for the graphic designer position was $30/hour during training that would last 3-5 days then $65 an hour to start which is an insane amount of money for a graphic designer. The position was fully remote and I would be sent a check to buy time to set up a home office. They asked for my name, phone number, address, and email address claiming they need the information for the offer letter. After ignoring so many red flags, I called Reforma Group to follow up. They informed me that it was indeed a call and that I was not the first person that has called them regarding the graphic designer position posted on LinkedIn.
They ask about a recent job I had applied for and then wanted to interview me via a WhatsApp's link. On my insistence that I needed a land line - it stopped.
I've been looking for a job and saw one for a work at home job with Johnson and Johnson I applied the day after I did an email interview I was told I got the job and she needed info I proceeded to give it to her then she said I'm going to get a text with a code let her know the code I did then I opened the site id.me.com and it has to do with eligibility for unemployment benefits I asked what that was about and she kept trying to have me to take a second to verify it you s really me for the I. d.me.com I wouldn't do it so she would call and message on wire message non stop until I told her I need to get hold of her and check on this. This was first part with her name and company name                  Welcome to Johnson and Johnson.....My name is Mrs Hannah Monahan...Hiring Managers of Johnson  and  Johnson.
I received an open letter from "Customer Impact" for a secret shopping opportunity.  Included was a check for $2570 in the name of a funeral home.  Instructions were to deposit into my bank account, buy 4 more gift cards and send them a screen shot of the cards and cash.  Suspicious, I called him instead.
Was contacted via email, by a so called human resources department for Sinoway operations LLC USA. Everything seemed legitimate to be a work at home job. Sent my info, they said I was hired, received employee policies and instructions for handling packages that arrive to my home... inspect, add photos to the company dash-board app, how to track packages through the app, how to print out their shopping labels.. etc. I began to become suspicious by the manner they communicated, and never answered the phones as Sinoway,,,, only  to shopping department but  also all numbers were 844, none were local to West Virginia... I called the address, made some calls, and found there was no Sinoway there, other business, and none of them had heard if a Sinoway. I called the secretary of states office in West Virginia and spoke to investigation.... they said the business had a legitimate name, but as I had already Uncovered, there was no business by the name if Sinoway there... I started to search the web for the business, nothing, but I found a few bad reviews, I then became worried because I had already shipped a few packages, and was waiting for shipping labels from the so called company to ship others.... I had 3 very expensive computer monitors, each about 900 to 1000 each. I felt I had earned enough I formation that the company was a hit, I informed them I would not send anymore packages, and was calling local law enforcement.... they tried to coincidence me the company was real, I was a good employee.. andv.... I refused to send the last packages..... They sent me  two legal action emails,  telling me that their legal team would handle me if I didn't mail the packages, and I was under a contract with the company,  i told them..... if your legal team is at the same address as your business, I'm not too worried, because the address doesn't exist!! Anyway, the. o searches YouTube, I found people and news channels reporting this same type of shit, and how it works. I felt very tired, but I guess with the AIDS system, i was really wanting a job from home after retirement. Anyway, they told me I would still get paid for work done, and a direct deposit on 12 pm..... well, that never happened.  they disconnected all the phones, when I call it's a busy signal. Same story everyone else reports I made some YouTube videos to inform people of this day. Thank you
I have all emails received from company saved. I am a former employee of Amazon and e-Bay.  Orders are not shipped to a person for review then re-packaged just to be sent to an Amazon warehouse.  Quality control is done before items  are received/shipped by Amazon.  When a packing slip is included in an order it ships directly to the person who ordered it not disposed of and substituted with a different one.  If this was a batch process there would be no need for any returns due to damaged or incorrect items received. This  company (s) sent me a "Your hired welcome to the team" email within 1 day of my request for more information on the position.  No interview, background or credit check.  Working from home requires an internet fully secure connection as well as a PC, you are dealing with people's information.  And $40 per package with an average of 135 packages a month is a joke. If it was that easy there would be a long waiting list to be hired.
I was texted this job recruitment looking for Secret Shoppers. They sent a link to apply online and wanted personal information and would send checks to your bank account. It sounded odd but also suspicious.
I saw a job posting on Indeed from Spectrum Communications (I assumed Charter Spectrum) with the title  :  RESIDENTIAL SALES PROFESSIONAL - AS .  The 1. I applied for the job because I was wanting a part time, work from home job to do on my days off. I applied and received a message through Indeed that said .  I viewed your profile and I think you are a great fit for an amazing opportunity at Charter Spectrum Communication. Your background really stands out! I would like the opportunity to speak with you further. For more information,kindly send your resume to the email below: James Biglete985@outlook.com /. As the message instructed I reached out via email and then received a long email back stating the job description and next steps to take, only the job I was being hired for was a remote administrative assistant booking conferences, booking flights, and booking hotels for employees of theirs that will be traveling. The pay would be $400 a week, only working 5-7 hours a week, and I would make and additional $30 for ever hour spent over that 5-7 hours. I was told this remote administrative assistant position required a printer and licensed application software. A check of $2950 would be sent to me which would cover: my first week pay of $400, The money for the printer, and the money for licensed application software. I have my address  and  phone number and was told I would be informed when the check was sent to me and I would have the tracking number to keep up with the check as well. I sent the initial email on 12/07/2020  and  did not receive and email back until 01/11/2021. I sent an email on 01/16/2021 to ask for further instruction on how to process the check, if the tracking number was available, etc. I then received an email on 01/22/2021 stating that his step mother had fallen ill and needed an emergency surgery, my start date had been changed, and also the job position was stated as a virtual assistant. I reached out on January 31, 2021 and February 4, 2021 to see what was going on with the check and also the job since my start date had been moved to February 1st. I received a check in the mail, sent from Reforma Films in New York on February 22, 2021. I called to tell him I had received the check and then got a very quick text message from a 708 area code. The text message stated that he had lost him step mother but that the check had been handed to me, this is after I had notified him of receiving the check via mail. The text message had multiple nonsense words and unusual text. The lawyer was very busy on getting the check deposited into my account so I could start work immediately. I informed them I was currently at my full time job and could not go to the bank, but they insisted I deposit it through my mobile banking and send them a report of the transaction. I asked for the email of the person I should be calling about my equipment so I could get it set up MYSELF, I was told don't worry about that right now we will take it all one step at a time. I started asking questions about purchasing the equipment without using the checks he sent because I had funds available, I asked if I could use a Visa Gift Card to purchase the items, and he soon became silent. I took the check to my bank and they looked it up in their system and it sent back a notice that taking this check would be a fraud risk.
They asked me to get items they sent to my home asked to take pictures and had them print shipping labels and go to Texas and ship them they said an extra $30 awarded to every package I pick up, base pay was $3000 every month they respond with every message at the end saying OK their based in Tyler Texas 6713 Vivian Ct Tyler, TX 75703 United States this the address. During the last week there was no packages given to me I found that suspicious i asked them about it they said they are sorry for the slow flow it will pick up. I knew something wasn't right i never gave my social only my ID and the papers they sent me to sign the manager name is (i) he always introduces him self when he calls like i don't know who he is already, I am writing this ahead of time so you guys can catch them there supposedly a Package .  Mailing service catch them now guys while there's time left before they disappear
The original email came from the and  stating that Sesen Bio was looking to fill several remote positions.  If interested I need to forward my resume to a Mark R. Sullivan at sullivan@sesenbio.org.  I should have picked up on this so much quicker because there were some small errors in their emails.  Mark asked me to answer a series of essay questions via email.  It was important that I was released immediately.  I was awarded the position less than 24 hours after I submitted my essay answers.  He then called me using 617-690-8210. He had a foreign accent but I couldn't place it.  He then handed me a job offer letter, a W-4 and the glaring new form was the 'Direct Deposit Settlement Form.'  Once I noticed that enrollment was open I knew this was an identity theft card.
Texted me about a job I applied for, when I asked for details on the position, they sent me a list of 10+ widely varying jobs, but said the pay rate was 27/50 (the pay should be different for each job). They were overly eager to sign me up for an interview immediately so I did some research and things didn't add up. I told them all of this and they stopped responding...
I had been applying for remote jobs via indeed.com. A couple days later I received a text message about an interview for a remote job I applied for. They directed me to use the pages for the interview. I was expecting a video call. However it took place via text messages. They spent about an hour, maybe more, conducting an interview. They told me all about the company, the job requirements, and duties I'd be expected to do. They got my name, phone number, email, and address. They then said they'd mail me a check to purchase the work materials from one of their reliable vendors.
I receive an email from this individual about the job opening... The firm Service Now has reviewed your resume, due to your resume information, you have the required qualifications to proceed. There is an organized training program for hired applicants, and the working hours are flexible, this position is available for Full-Time and Part-Time candidates. For training, the pay is $25/hour for Part-Time and Full-Time is $30/hour depending upon skill level. Medical and retirement benefits. Your identification code is (TFI-101), this would serve as your identification number throughout the online hiring process. Your direct response matters a lot. We look forward to having you on the team. The positions which we have available here are: Data Entry/Administrative Assistant/Customer Service/Call Clerk/Call Center/Accounting. Following our newest online screening introduced by BBB, you are required to download and install the new app and contact Mrs. Cynthia Figueroa via Telegram Messenger at this number (+1 209 896 9372) or this (online) where you will have more details about the job training/interview process. Company Name: AN OPTICAL TIME:!! Your swift responses matter a lot in this position.
            evaluation survey for Nike gift cards want you to use this cash check for $1950 purchase gift cards as the assignment equals $1500 and then you keep the equivalent of $450 once you purchase the card they want due to scratch off the code and send a picture of the front and back. Wants you to believe it's about how quickly you were able to purchase how was your experience so on and so forth to leave you with a bill for the cards. He Has the name Ray Richmond (346)242-4768
Key-based Aka/ keyer feat. Big deal. They want us to take their packages because it's illegal goods and they don't want to get caught so they gave us print out the new label and all that and never pay us.
I seen a post on Facebook from a Linda Evens from AnnArbor Michigan. It was job offer from THC Global Group in Hillsdale with no experience necessary $25 per hour. I asked Linda and she told me it was a work at home Data Entry Clerk. I was told I needed to download a personal app from the play store. I was then told to text HTRH- 570-MAC to 1 469 9017291 in the email app. After I did that, a Miss Marrye responded from BBC Global and interviewed me. She then put me on hold for more than a hour to report the interview to management. She than came back and said I scored A 92 percent and offered me the job. Later the evening she sent me a list of office supplies I would need to get, Mac book pro, pen, printer, printer, laptop and a page 12 Before my training. I asked for the company's employer Id. She said I couldn't have it until after I started. I asked again and said I would like to say this is a legitimate job offer. This women stop communicating with me. I don't know how they or she was about to try to stop me, but something here is not right.
I had been searching for work during COVID-19. The job offer came by email from an agency representative that saw my email online. I assumed they found me by a job board. The job sounded great with a promise of a large salary after 2 months of training by email. There were a few documents to read and sign before training would start a couple of days later. No formal interview took place. A week into the training, my manager introduced himself by email and phone. He seemed nervous and rushed. The manager continued to promise a Project Supervisor job starting as contractor and turning into employee. No actual job process was shown until week 3. The process they suggested and urged to use my own credit card to purchase technical equipment to set up an office in town. This did not make sense.  When I questioned the manager about using my credit card vs. using company funds, he continued to encourage using my credit card. After I didn't respond, no more emails came in.
Paul Christopher with Prime Gift Center hired me and Director Amanda Jones set up my portal.  I worked for a few weeks so they could assure packages could easily get to me. I shipped approximately 8 packages for them. They said they were making me a check for $2300 on Feb. 8th (I had made bonus'!) Check never came. Amanda Jones' phone disconnected. Paul Christopher not answering any emails or emails.  When digging clearly it's a start: stock photos of the 'team' on their website, generic names (Amanda Jones could barely speak English when I finally got her on the phone...red flag #1). I was just eager for a pay check as my EDD ran out.  I don't want anyone else to fall for this since the website is still active as is my portal and sign in.  I reported this to the FBI Internet Security department and gave them every email and password, my contract, offer letter etc.  I just wonder what I was actually 'thinking'??? When I dug initially NOTHING came up as far as anyone else having this experience with them in particular.  Help stop the madness please!!
I got a email about a job offer. The position is refer to as Warehouse Coordinator.I received a email with a video they told me to watch the video and see if I thought that the position would be something I could fit in my daily schedule.The email said the duties of the position would be the company (Best Shopping Solutions or Best Solutions Shopping) either or would send packages out to my address that I provided, then when I received the packages I shall inspect the packages to make sure the packages wasn't damaged,then I shall take a picture of the packages and send it to app the company (Best Shopping Solutions) provided to me.They told me that my salary would be a fixed income of $2,000 per month plus a $40.00 bonus for every successful package sent. I agreed to accept the job offer making that much money especially at this day in age with COVID-19 and everything else going on.So after I finished everything that was asked of me I got to thinking I need to go do some investigation on this company (Best Shopping Solutions) so I called it and I couldn't find one company with the name (Best Shopping Solutions).That is s when I got the thinking that this job offer don u t sound right.That is when I called my sister and told what had happened and she told me don't trust it might be a trap and for me to contact the BBB.That is when I came on the new website went to the sales section and I typed the name of the supposed to be employer (Best Shopping Solutions or Best Solutions Shopping) either or. And boom the name of this company popped up known for paying people.
I believe that they are trying to steal people's identity. I applied on LinkedIn, Thinking this was a work at home opportunity. After a short interview process and doing some research, I found out that it was true.
I received a random text for a job interview.  It said "(My Name) this is the Army team with Liberty, we received your resume  and  want to interview you by phone this hour at 9:30, 11:30 or 1:30.  Which one works best for you?" I responded with a time that would work and they replied with the following links "https://us02web.zoom.us/j/84763076707" for the interview link and "https://form.jotform.com/210474085714151" for a candidate information sheet.  I did not fill out these forms but asked what the job title of the position was and what the full name of the company was so I could confirm the position on the companies website. They stated that they had several positions to fill including Supervisor, Manager and Team Member but did not provide the full company name.  When I asked for the full company name again.......  Nearly all text job interview offers, especially generic ones that don't provide the job title and full company name.  The only reason I even responded is that I have applied to some jobs and am waiting on responses.
I received an email about a job. I replied and sent my bank info for direct deposit and my bail form. They had me receiving and delivering packages from the January 15th to the 20th. I was supposed to be paid by the 22nd. They changed my logo for their account and stop responding to my emails and phone calls as of July 23rd. This is a map. This is the supervisor info Supervisor 1 at. Direct line: (855) 439-0266 Email: Fabius.Napoli@tlsPost.com Schedule: Mon-Friday 10:00AM-06:00PM EST Supervisor 2 :ni Direct line: (855) 439-0299 Email: Nina.Dumont@tlsPost.com Schedule: Mon-Friday 10:00AM-06:00PM EST. Also a Viktor Novak is suppose to be a human resource manager but he hung up on me and 'n't answer my calls

It was for employment.  They handed me a check and told me to print it and log into mobile checking app

Received a text from Marketing/Promotional Campaign By Dr Pepper Advising I could receive up to $500.00 a week for  not and out  car space on my vehicle. Provided a link routing me to an application, to submit personal information. https://zfrmz.com/rFxf0a8sCUzoWqZmWfGe

They will contact you offering a job. For me it was a Quality control Assistant. They claim to only pay once a month and will get you to work and do assignment for a month and then they cut all ties with you. Phone number, email and site still running because they have several people they are running this site on.
I completed an application for Telehealth Tech Support Member position with this company via Indeed.com. After writing my application I was contacted by Ranjith Paramasivam regarding scheduling an interview via Microsoft Teams which was scheduled for Monday - 01/28/2021. I completed the virtual interview and was contacted on the same day by Ranjith Paramasivam via phone offering me employment. He immediately thereafter requested to send over my drivers license  which I proceeded to do. On 2008 - 02/01/2021 he contacted me and advised that "another stranger" wanted to meet with me, so I responded and provided him with my availability. On the - 02/04/2021, Ranjith Paramasivam sent me another email advising that the "manager went on emergency and the position was on hold and would update me as soon as possible". I responded and asked if the manager had provided a time frame regarding when the position would be open again. I received no response. Randomly, on Friday - 02/12/2021 at noon, Ranjith Paramasivam contacted me via phone and requested that I meet with the hiring manager at work virtually and he needed me to complete the virtual interview today. I declined the offer and he offered to schedule a follow up meeting with the hiring manager that following Tuesday - 02/16/2021. I was not aware until the day of the meeting that Ranjith Paramasivam was actually attending the meeting as well. Before the hiring manager joined he asked "if I could start immediately?".  After completing the virtual meeting with the hiring manager and Ranjith Paramasivam, I was offered employment again via email on Monday - 02/18/2021. Before I could respond, he called me  but I was not able to accept the call. I responded via email and explained that I would need official documentation to support the offer of employment  considering I was offered employment once before, the job was placed on hold, and now an employment offer was being extended again. He proceeded to send over the pre-employment offer letter on an "Infinite Computer Solutions" letter which he requested for me to sign and send back. I signed the document and sent it back only to be contacted again the next day. Ranjith Paramasivam explained that he would need for me to sign a different "updated" offer letter that he would send to me. He proceeded to send it over as an attachment via email on a different server that read "Yes". I signed this document and sent it back to the email address listed within the pre-employment offer letter (USHR@infinite.com). I sent a follow up email to Ranjith Paramasivam advising about my actions and of course he advised to send it directly to him. At this point, there were multiple people included within his responses. When I asked about benefits mentioned within the offer letter he could not provide a response. It took for me to pose these questions to another person in order to receive a response which was very general. I was told that I would receive additional details once I was officially offered employment. On 01 - 02/19/2021, I was sent a business form for LabCorp and two additional links  one for a background check and a second referred to as a "personal data form". After completing the form for the background check, I was very concerned because the personal data form was marked as an application and certain portions were frozen and could not be completed, even though there were signs indicating that these specific fields had to be completed and the form was asking for information that should have been collected at the beginning of the interview/employment process. I sent another email requesting additional details about the benefits mentioned in the offer letter  which were not addressed initially. I decided to send a personal email and 02/21/2021 to the last person that sent me an email and shared my extreme concerns which was the basis of my I would not be moving forward with employment. I also advised that if I was contacted any further I would file a public complaint and proceed to contact the authorities. As of today, I did proceed to place fraud papers with all three credit bureau's to be on the safe side considering they do have a picture of my driver's license, my physical address and other personal/professional information that would generally be retrieved during the employment process. This company and the people who work for it are corrupt and their employment offers are a fraud altogether!
I applied for a nursing job that I initially found on indeed. It was for a small accident clinic through this CareNational company. There are multiple traveling companies for nurses so I figured this was a letter from one of them. I received a call that I was being considered and needed to fill out some paperwork. I initially talked to Treon, but later a man called me. They eventually told me that CVS accepted my offer and I needed to sign the contract. They sent me a contract on Docusign and I signed it including giving them my social security number. I had to fill out a background check form and did a drug screen through Labcorp. After all of this, they were beginning to be bad at communicating so I called the CVS I was hired for. They had no idea who I was and said that all of their nurses had already started and that they were actually running the vaccine clinic at their location. I called CareNational back and told them this information. They acted confused. I told them to terminate my contract. I did not receive anything to confirm this through email afterwards.
WE WERE HIRED TO BUY PRODUCTS ON OUR CREDIT CARD AND THEN A TRADING WOULD PAY OFF OUR CREDIT CARD. WE DID OUR JOB AND ME WE GOT A BANK ACCOUNT IT AND NOT VALID. THIS HAS HAPPENED 8 TIMES SO FAR. THEY OWE US OVER $1240 DOLLRS. WE ARE IN DIRECT CONTACT WITH THIS PERSON ALL THE TIME BY EMAIL BUT CAN'T GET OUR MONEY. THE MORE I PURCHASED THE MORE I WOULD MAKE ON MY PAYCHECK. PLEASE HELP ME RECOVERY THIS MONEY AND STOP THIS FROM HAPPENING TO THE IS THE CONTACT INFO. - TRADING SERVICES 1395 -E, MIAMI, FL 33131 800 Waterford Way, Miami, FL 33126 (786) 591-7785 - Headquarter (305) 517-7594 - Warehouse
I received an email about being a small secret manager. I answered I was interested then I received a message that when I receive the package in the mail to text a phone number. I open the package and inside was an instruction sheet on what to do. I was supposed to go to store and buy gift cards worth 400 dollars each and then go to another mall and purchase 400 more dollars in more gift cards. I was to keep 350.00 for my payment. After this was done I was told what to do so I could get my next assignment
received a text message on my phone, about a job offer picking up and driving building projects in area and waiting till they finished, i was to receive $ 600 a week for 3 days, 3 hours per day, plus car to use, company name. Inspection, i received a check for $ 2750.15  I was to deposit it in my bank but when I mentioned the name of my bank, said not to if I had another bank, said no but credit union said ok in which I was to deposit the check and withdraw at first $ 200 and send it to an email address, I left a letter out of the email, it did not go through, then I was to withdraw $ 2100 in cash and send it to the post office to an email address to a Faulk Brandon, since I had not withdrawn any money I did not do it, then iI was to withdraw $ 200 and buy some stream gift cards and send them to the email address, I texted back that I would wait until the check cleared, answered back that check was 100 % clear, but I called the bank that issued the check they have no record of any check being issued to me or in the amount, bank had been charged, per person at bank. all this in one day,
I have received messages from David         s about secret shopping positions for Whole foods. I find this very hard to believe, when I didn't even remember applying, and there wasn't any background check,interview, etc.
I was contacted by Owen Green who offered me a position paying over a monthly when I asked him what was the name of the company because the email came in very informal, A woman named Eleanor Cabrera took over and started corresponding with me over email about a Quality control position in which the act as a hub for Facebook and many other other business as they claimed to be a Subsidiary of MYUS.com. started on January 18 2021. I was told that I would be on probation for a month so that I could get the hang of how the process worked. I stared receiving packages at my home address and using the " control panel" server that they hooked up it was quite effective as it kept me in the loop with packages that are upcoming soon to be delivered at my home and i was able to keep track of the money that i made for each package that was successfully shipped at $40 per package. Pay date was the 18th of February and I cannot hear from this company any longer. I made about 14 packages for this company and I am owed $680. I shipped a box that weighed over as struggled with the help of my husband to ensure that their items were inspected and shipped in a safe manner . I sent them 3 messages about my pay and up to now I still cannot hear from them. This company should be ashamed of what they do to people who take the time out of their day to seek employment only to be fired. I don't even think the names of the people i have been corresponding with are even real names. As we speak, I have a package that was just delivered yesterday but I am not taking it- I will be taking it to the Police and I will  file a complaint. I would like to be commended for the work that was done as described in the job offer. They have my ID my bank account information and my address. I feel totally compromised.
Best Solutions (Best Shipping Solutions) offers you a very well at home paying job where you only need to get packages and record date for them and then ship them away. They contact you via email saying if you are interested in applying. They ask you for your name address and phone number, once they have obtained that information they call you and tell you have been approved to work with us as a "Personal Coordinator" they will ask you a few questions of if you have a printer and if you are at home most of the day because in the case that a package will need signature. Then they ask you to verify you email where they will begin to send an Employment Contract. During this process they ask you to submit you full name and your full address and a picture of the front and back of a government ID.
Received an email from ahmad.kaur@levelconsult.us with a job offer at Level Consult about a month or so ago able a job offer.  I replied back and stated that I was interested.  Received a call from Ahmad Kaur, Bank Manager on 22 May 2021. He asked if I received his email.  I could not find it, and asked if he would send it again.  He did, and asked that I fill out the paperwork and send it back to him when I was finished.  Before I did anything I went to the website and find it a little odd.  At the bottom of the web page below Level Consult, there is something that did not seem right.  The writing there was talking about a women with a fur hat and coat.  I did not send anything to this person after seeing this.
I received an email offering a position to work for unemployment for the state of Baltimore, Maryland. I sent over my resume because of my experience there was no need for an interview. I was sent an offer letter and two forms to complete. I referred several friends and family members that has done the same. All of my personal information such as SSN address etc has been shared.  .  
The above mentioned individuals: France Sulick and Jennifer Loh (these are the names they used, I'm sure that, most likely, their real names are different) contacted me for an employment opportunity at a company named Intel. They stated that they were looking for a lawyer. First, I was contacted by Jennifer via a simple text message (enclosed with my report), and she introduced herself as a temporary secretary at the above-mentioned company. She stated that she found my resume on Indeed, and that my education and qualifications match the current position they are currently offering. I am in fact looking for something long-term now, so her proposal suited me perfectly. I inquired about details regarding this employment opportunity. She prompted me to contact Mr. France Sulick (the new hiring manager according to her) via WhatsApp for more details. It seemed strange to me that they would want to conduct a job interview through a messenger, but I figured that this is their policy during these uncertain old times  I assumed they are just referring to a no-physical contact way of identifying candidates. I contacted Mr. Sulick and he sent me two sets of interview questions: first set was about translations, not about writing. I asked why he would sent me a set of questions that are regarding a different position, not the one I was offered. He said that I should just proceed and I will find out later why I am asked that. The second set of questions was a general one about my personal job expectations for the position I am offered ( I'm doing that). He then asked me to provide my full name, state, address and an email address, so they can put it in their system. It didn't really alarm me because these are standard questions employers usually ask. After I was done with both sections, Mr. Sulick said that he would forward all my info to his supervisor for review and he'll get back to me the next day in regards to whether I was hired or not. When I signed into WhatsApp the following day, I inquired about my application status and he said that I was hired. That also didn't really alarm me as he said that they were hiring immediately and I had experience in the past when I was hired either on the spot or the next day. As far as working hours, he said that they are flexible, but I need to report to him every morning at 8 am. I wouldn't be able to report to him every morning as I have a part-time job some mornings where I am physically leaving the house and I am unavailable for a few hours. I needed to share this with him and tried calling him on the number listed on WhatsApp. I saw that he was online, but he didn't pick up the phone which I thought was very strange...I started feeling weird about this whole employment process and demanded that I needed to talk to him or his boss to discuss the situation about my working hours. He never replied to my message and never called back. My suspicions started growing, so I decided to contact the company directly on their website by filling out the online form. They responded the next day stating that the whole hiring thing is a joke... and that they knew about it, tried to report these people, but they also asked me to report them as well, so that their harassment would hopefully stop. Please, look into my complaint and do everything in your power to stop these men in their evil ways. Thank you! P.S. I've tried to send you more documents, but couldn't attach more than one file here. If you wanted more images, please, contact me and provide an email/other alternate resource I can use to send you more images.
This company tried to get me to place brakes on my car to sell Breyer's Ice Cream.  They sent me a check for 2850.50.  I deposited it and the bank was not able to find a company by that name. I made two money orders for $1000 each. They would send someone to my place to put the locks on the car.  I would get to keep the $850.
I was contacted by an individual falsely representing Avis Budget Group about open positions for their "company". I was instructed to reach out to an individual named Kyle Keane in which they conducted a fake text interview over Google Earth. After being told more about the various job positions, I was provided a very vague description of my position and false information of when I will be able to get started at the local office that will be coming soon. They then asked for my name, address, phone number and email to get started. I was handed a fake check, which technically I did not deposit into my personal banking account, for "office equipment" that would have required me to perform the job. I was also sent a fake employment acceptance letter, in which they asked in which they asked me to sign and provide two references and a photo of my driver's license. This is when I began to catch onto the story and they did not provide anymore information.
We have a trading platform attached to our business line. They sent a text offering to pay $700 a week to have a wrap put on your car advertising for Blue Bell Ice Cream plus OVER $3000 FOR THE INSTALLATION AND THEN ASKED FOR BANKING INFO FOR THESE.. SEE BELOW TEXT.. Get paid  700 to wrap our BLUE BELL ICE CREAM logo on your car/shirt/truck/suv/ for more details follow this link below  https://www.powr.io/form-builder/i/27580448#page
She has their own website with international business addresses that are fake.  Ended up giving me access to a company website to track and manage a sting scheme.  Offered 3,000 per month for 20 hours of work.
I was applying for a remote job on indeed January 16 and came across the "CORE service group" for an online administrative clerk/customer guide. This recruitment company claimed to be working with The     same company and the user posed as the man Shawn Ullman (staff member of The    ). I had my interview via phone on the 17th and was hired the same day. I was sent an ID form (required my SSN), Direct deposit paperwork (bank account number required), and another piece of paperwork. I was also sent a fake check and told to deposit it so I could pay for the necessary work materials. I have more than enough records of conversations and information to support you in an investigation. Once I confronted the cops one of them tried to make a deal with me about the fake check saying, "If you give me 2000 you can keep the rest" ("given" a total 3950). I had to call the IRS to inform them that someone had my SSN, make a new bank account, filing a report with me, and had to freeze all my credit. I told them to give me their name and their location before they tried to make a deal and I was given the name Crawford and told they lived in Chicago. I have all the numbers/accounts they used to contact me as well.
Consumer/employee receives an email stating that they would be making $3,000 a month guaranteed to have packages shipped to their door to send out at the nearest location. They would have to take pictures of the packages and post them to the company office. The "company" asks for a photo ID and asks the "employee" to sign a contract. If the consumer/employee agrees, they then receive the packages for approximately 1 month, are never "paid" and are then blocked with no way to reach the "company".
Best I can say is. He (Jose) Claims he works for WTO World Trade Org. His wife is pregnant (Anita) w/ first child. They need someone to do general house cleaning and set up new apartment, Paint, Fix etc... he will be back in town end of Feb. Where she (Anita) is??, no one knows. He claims pay is $500.00 a week for 2-4 or so, hours. He will send you advanced pay w/ a check for almost $4,000 you (Victim) take it to your bank to cash it, take out your pay $500 and get this, send the balance to the "Painter" who is waiting for the $$ to buy materials. He (Jose) asks in emails (Only) for your Name, Address, Phone #, Bank etc, the whole 9 yards. I gave him an email back, nothing Nasty or Threatening or anything like that God as my witness, I just relaxed a little and give him Name, # etc.. to let s say Local law enforcement. Low and low, all the emails I received from them all of a sudden vanished!!! Well what do you know about that..
This company is a data mining company selling user information to users. Within moments of signing up for this  new job search your  company I was immediately irritated to the point of a denial of service on my email, full of personal my emails. I have attached a photo showing that even after account release they immediately sent another email. All emails shown in the photo are generated from LENSA or the person they hire.
I did a couple job applications on face book with my resume, and was handed out a small letter with instructions to act as a mystery writer. I called the actual business whose named was used to report the problem and inform them on what happened. On here I put the name on the envelope, address, phone number and name attached to the envelope and email they are using for this trip:                @                 , Thornville,OH       : Google mystery@protonmail.com George White (762-236-0978). Just trying to help prevent other people from receiving this cash check was placed in package with $4,900 don/t want anyone to fall for this plan
They wanted me to purchase a one dollar card after they send a direct deposit for me to pay for installation of software for the computer company. Very smart and use clever words to make you think it's. but it is not!
This company will contact saying the following: email examples below Email details With reference to your resume found on one of the job-seeking web pages, we are happy to offer you a position at our company. Feel free to contact us if you have any questions or concerns, contact details provided in the enclosed PDF file. If you are interested in the position please reply us back. Best Regards. Dear friend, Email example 2 Thank you for applying to the Quality Control Associate position at eHub Inspect. We would like to inform you that we received your application, and our hiring team is currently reviewing it. This position would require you to communicate with your supervisor on a daily basis, and it is very important for us that each and every associate has a good personal record. A friendly personality, and good communication skills  also  is a must. In order to know you better, and get a feeling of your personality, please answer the following questions: 1.     What do you do when a work-related issue arises? a)     Ignore the issue. b)     Try to solve the issue myself. c)     Bring up this issue to my supervisor. 2.     How do you describe your written and verbal communication skills? a)     Above average. b)     Average. c)     Below average. 3.     If given a choice  :  When would you prefer to perform your work-related tasks? a)     Morning. b)     Mid-day. c)     Evening. Also, we have attached some additional material to this email, in order for you to get a better understanding of the tasks and duties that are required for this position. We hope that this information would be helpful in your decision-making process. If you decide that this position is the correct fit for you .  Please reply back to this email, including your answers to the above-listed questions. You will be notified on the decision of your application within 24 hours after we receive your reply. Feel free to contact us if you have any questions, and thank you for your time. Dear friend, Email example 3 Congratulations on your new position! We are very excited to have you on our team. Your next step would be to gain access to your Control Panel. This is where you will be able to input all of your report data, view your current earnings, view all of your order details, change your job delivery method and so on. Click on the following link to register for your Control Panel access: CLICK HERE TO REGISTER It can take up to 24 hours for your Control Panel account to be fully activated. If you don't receive a confirmation letter within 24 hours  please  contact us. Email example 4 Dear friend, Your Control Panel account is now active. Click on the following link to access your Control Panel: IN PAGE If you are having any difficulties access your Control Panel s  please let us know. When will you receive your first order? It takes anywhere from 3-5 days after you register for your Control Panel in order to receive your first orders. So, please make sure to periodically check your Control Panel and e-mail for any updates. Once again, Congratulations! And Good Luck! So I hope this is enough proof its a trap. when you accept the offer you get a offer letter and a document to specify how you want to get paid they say they pay once a month they'll start sending you packages for you to take to home after they send you shipping labels they said you get $40 a package up to 136 packages a month. they will have all types of items for you to check and ship out and when it gets close to the date they say your to be paid the packages stop coming and you don't get paid and then they block your access to the portal where your payments are recorded and tracked they owe me $680
The manager made me a work at home job offer, provided an EIN and a certificate of formation of the Warari Logistics LLC company, before proceeding to fake hire me for the position of "senior manager". They even called me to briefly chat, before having me fill out an electronic form and my direct deposit information. As a "store manager" I believed I would be receiving packages, inspected for any defects, before sending them to a warehouse where the company would deal with them, but the shipping labels of the boxes I was sent were addressed to people and NOT to a warehouse. When I saw that, I figured out that this was most likely a shipping deal, cut off all contact, and called the fraud department of the shipping company used.
The lady called with a heavy foreign accent. She asked me if i wanted to work from home collecting packages. She asked me if I work my hours and the type of employment I do. She then told me about the job but I couldn't understand her. She asked for my email address and said was going to email me the application. She tried it and it looked pretty....words were missing and it have a purple New Jersey state stamp on the bottom. It was about nine pages long. So I called her back and asked how much was they pay and where did I apply? She said indeed! I was like a land line number she didn't answer at first but called right back. I asked her where should I send my ID information and she said scan it over with the application. Everything seemed weird I knew it was all red flags. DO NOT ME ANYTHING TO THIS COMPANY. I then went to look up the website and it looked like but there were more missing words and I instant came to the website to check it out. I saw a complaint dated for today saying the same thing but more information being asked to send over.
This individual wants you to deposit large amounts of money in your account as attempt of money management.
I was placed through a failed job application scheme, where the owner represented a real company (Tech Hospitality) and required me to play a payment for my home office equipment by transferring $1100 to their "vendor" which was a lie. I contacted them through email and chat on local through which I will provide records.
I was sent a text message from 4237991046, they found my resume on career builder and wanted to set up an interview Via Skype. The email associated with the Skype was maren.moore81@gmail.com We went through all of these questions for an online assistant, book keeping, customer service. Like a woman I fell for it. They uses David Liszka as a representative of Icb, and the email address of hrdept@icbpharma.co Do not fall for the man. The pay offer is great, 35 dollars an hour, money for a new computer and office furniture, but man, They asked if I had a second bank account because all I use is my online school bank account they stopped responding to me. I did give them some personal information about me but not my banking info... my credit score sucks and I have no money so I am hopeful they will leave me alone now that I called them out on it.
I received this email from local post saying they were hiring for a work from home quality control inspector where they sent this link to watch a video about their company and what you will do on the job.the link is http:u.pc.cd/link. The video talks about the person will get a couple of packages every week or so and the person is supposed to receive the merchandise back. I received a contract that had a lot of kind words. I have received several emails about setting up a store, we have to print out shipping labels on a printer and box up the product that has been shipped and take it to a local post office, Fed x, or UPS for drop off. I was told to always get a report and post it on the door. Payments for each package sent out the person gets 20.00 per package. The catch is you can't cash out or get the money until you have sent off 3 packages so you can cash out after 60.00. Local post sent 2 packages, 1 was a fake gold bar and the other package was women's shoes and I was to inspect and evaluate and send back out. I was only sent two packages and was waiting on more packages but now I can't reach anyone. before the packages were sent out I was getting emails and phone calls all the time. Now no response. I have reached out to Laura Diaz in the legal department, Linda Nicodemo the manager of Local Post LLC and Edgar Antonio the supervisor of the shipping, and I haven't heard from anyone.
Contacted by text, and asked to click link if interested in work from home offer. Link asked for name address and DOB. Followup link asked for a#, copy of driver license,  and mother's maiden name. Offering secret job opportunity at $500 each time. Shop at bars, Target or not near me. Will also search for any items purchased which are mine to keep. My response said i would not share personal info and I did not hear from them again.
This company needed me and I was interested in their job I proceeded to answer all their questions even giving them my address and ID. So they have all my info once they sent me pictures of things I knew it wasn't.
I received a text message from a mainland number that had 20 other random phone numbers and it was basically saying that I should sign up to be a  local Comedy Store Mystery Writer.  I'd receive  about $500 a task bonus. I immediately found it to be that but I wanted to see what the link was so I clicked on the website and it's pretty much a Google log sheet that you have to fill out with your information which I didn't do because that isn s stupid. So be careful y you all!
I posted my resume on workintexas.com (Texas work force) I got a text stating that they wanted to interview me. So I had to download an app to be interviewed. During the interview process I was asked typical interview questions and focused on the company. The former is Maria Davis of IBM told me about the software I will need to purchase and that they will send me a check to purchase through their vendor. They did not ask for any banking info. But I did give them my email and address.
I was contacted via text message about a job with Disney. I was told to add Aaron Mostofsky on Google Hangout. Here, he tried to offer a 45 minute interview solely through Google Hangout for a different company, BlockMedx. They offer $22-24 starting pay, health benefits and PTO, and stopped responding when I started wondering about the legitimacy of their business.
I was kind tactic by text from the number given. The person stated their name was Mrs. Jennifer White from Texas instruments. They stated they received my information from indeed and said I was selected for a job interview for a work at home customer service position. Then they asked me if I had one and I did not so I had to download the app. Moments later a person identified as Catherine Handy hiring manager of Texas Instruments contacted me via Skype. They were asking all kinds of questions that seemed legitimate. Then they said they would call me the following morning with job interview results. They told me that I had been approved to be hired and that I would receive my hiring packet via mail. They asked for my full name my physical address, phone number, email address, I responded that all of that information was available on my indeed profile.  I then asked them if there was a way to verify that this was a legitimate job offer. They ignored that question and listed a bunch of software that I would be working with for the job. I was asked if I was familiar with all of the software programs listed. Shortly after the person disconnected with me. I went back to the text and asked the person who initially texted me to please get back in contact with me. I have not received any response back from that either. I believe this was a joke And wanted to make other people aware.
Google runs employment blogs on social media sites. you respond and receive an initiation to apply. You submit your information and are contacted with the promise of getting hired. Then, after a few days you are asked to respond with your personnel information in a message. When you hit send...the screen shows a message that indicates you have to pay $9.00 for your membership to continue. Once they get your monthly $9.00 fee, you are then told they can not hire you at this time. They are relying on men that are out of work and this needs to stop!   email example follows: I can not save the emails to read. I can forward all the emails if I have your address Hi     , Thank you for inviting us! I sense that you have the experience to offer these young men exactly what they need: someone that listen to them, doesn't judge, and can answer their questions. We work with very flexible schedules, so I'd like to get a general idea on what would fit best with you. What days (Monday to Sunday - we're open all week) work for you, and what hours (we are open 24 hours a day). You can Click here to respond right away.
I think my so is being away from this company about a job. Try call number on the paper no one answer. Please help me
While job searching on Indeed I was reached out to by someone who claimed to be with HCL Technologies, who interviewed via Telegram Messenger App. They sent me very detailed job posting and description, and the 'interview' lasted for about 45 minutes with pretty typical and job related questions. I found it odd that there was no phone call or video to the interview. The next day they reached back out saying I was being offered the job along with a 12 page offer letter. I read through it all, and it all seemed very detailed and intricate. They even included the manager's signature (using the name of an actual employee of the company). They then sent me a banker's check via email to 'purchase the new equipment and software'. I was skeptical and careful prior, but upon receiving this I called both my personal bank as well as the bank the check came from and neither could verify the authenticity of the check. So I sent an email to HCL (their website has a email specifically to verify offer letters because of how often this happens). They took several days to respond, in which time the contact (went by name Jonathan Wheeler) asked me what the delay was. I told him I was paying everything he sent me. He responded "I understand, let me know when you are ready to proceed". The next day I still heard nothing back from HCL, but he deleted the messages off of my phone (I don't know why Telegram allows this) as well as his account. Had I not been careful in not giving them any information (I didn't fill out the W or W2 they sent), this could have gone in a complete different direction.

I applied for a job listed on Indeed.com for Data Entry listed by the company Parks of Gainesville, location Waseca, MN.  After a week, I received a text message from Nicole (no last name) from Aidoc Healthcare.  She told me to download the Telegram Messenger app to contact Shandra Sedlak.  I talked back and forth with Shandra on this app with a number of job-related questions (personal experience, location confirmation, email address).  I was then told I was hired, even though I had not been told initially that this text conversation was an interview.  I should have stopped there, but the price was too high - $17/h for training, $28/h after training.  But that should have been a red flag, too - no one pays $28/hour for data entry.  They also said they would send me a check to purchase office equipment (I now know this check would have bounced).  I was told the next day to contact another person via Skype - Michael Steenbergh.  This conversation was carried out exclusively via Skype's chat feature, and I was handed documents - an employment application and an offer letter - which I filled out, scanned, and sent back.  They also requested photos of my driver's license, front and back.  I should have looked at the men's job card earlier in this process  the whole time I felt something else, but didn't want to lose the opportunity for a good work-from-home job.
I haven't  deposit the check. The call was for employment. Stay that the job was work from home data entry paying $28.50.

Received email from a  local called guy  who asked me for my info.  Said someone from LA would contact me. Erica Smith from LA with a company called EASY EXPRESS told me the job duties and that I would get paid $2900 a month plus a $20 per package  plus bonus bonus  for every package RE shipped on time.   It isn s all lies and a lie.  Don you t fail for this place, they look and sound legitimate but it's too easy.  It's illegal as well.
I was contacted via email about a work from home position with a so called company "Easy Express". They are supposedly an international shipping logistics company. I responded expressing my interest. I was then contacted via email and phone by a woman, Krystal Jones. She offered me a shopping/shipping assistant position, no interview or anything. She told me the job description: I receive packages (20-30/ week), open them, inspect the items, document any damage or whatever, print a label and ship out within 24 hours. She stated I would be spending $2,900/month + $20/ package successfully shipped. I was told payments are sent to me via direct deposit or Pay card (my preference). She told me told fill out the contract and send in a picture of my valid ID.
Do not send out your name or identification through email. Let the employer call you and actually meet with you.
The caller is pretending to be someone from imperial oil LTD, attempting to hire myself as a data entry work from home at a rate of $41 an hour. I contacted the security coordinator of imperial oil limited and in working with him to counter the threat. The seller wishes to send me a check to purchase and pay for certain things at which point the check will bounce and I will be out of money. Check has yet to arrive, coming from Texas. That is still ongoing, as I am leading the game on while communicating with security professionals
I was first contacted by Mr. Murray on Monday for a translation project. The total fee was £1. On impulse, and after exchange of emails, I provided Mr. Murray with my home address. On Monday I received a check a check in the amount of $3,480.00 from "LAND TITLE AND COMPANY" 3033 East First Ave, Suit #600, Denver CO 80206, since I have no business with that company I was suspicious, specially that there was no cover letter or any not as to what this payment was for, and the envelope was dropped in my mail box by someone (not a postal worker). I started to look deeper. The check was marked Priority One Day in a USPS Envelope, The number printed on the label: Online Tech Stores LLC, 505 Industrial Dr., Lewisberry, PA 17339. And addressed to my home address in Anaheim, CA. and was dropped in my mail box on a few hours after the mail was delivered. Also, the USPS tracking Number 9405 5112 0098 6881 2563 98 shows that it was originated from JONESBORO,ID 30238 on Friday (Six days before I provided my address to Mr. Murray), and was delivered on May 08 In/At Mailbox UNION,# 39365 (Four days before it was actually dropped in my mail box). On arrival, Mr. Murray text me the tracking number (stated above), stating that "his" check was delivered to me, I replied that the tracking number shows item was delivered in time. He replied "I will look into this.....". This morning (2009), I received another email from Mr. Murray, stating that he sent the check, with additional payment for "phase 2" of the project, for a total Amount on check: $5000 Tracking: 9470631460857464424840. "will be delivered to you again tomorrow  morning  so stay at home to sign for the delivery". This is the first email received: James N. Murray via ProZ.com Fri 2/5/2021 10:27 AM To: You A ProZ.com user visited your ProZ.com profile and sent the following message. Author: James N. Murray  NOTE: The author is not a registered ProZ.com user or was not logging in when sending this message.  Author's IP address: 184.170.242.214
I got a email saying that BSS Post Inc. is hiring for a Warehouse Coordinator from home. That I can do this at home and make money. She got my driver's license filed, a form and a background check done. I believed her until then, I was sent another email about shipping. They said all of these would come to my home by FedEx, UPS or the mail. I don't want anyone else s s packages or mail. I'm not opening anyone's mail or packages, it's illegal! I had my name and info deleted and said I want no further contact from them. I found this on Indeed.
I was contacted through email and through my phone about a position about a shipping assistant position. I was home for almost a year now trying to find something to make ends match. It was a position for a shipping assistant position. To get paid $2900 before tax plus $200 per package that was delivered on time. I didnot want to believe it at first and i shouldnot have. But then they handed me an employment agreement that i was supposed to sign and send back if i wanted to position. They also wanted my current Id and my form filled out. I talked with my husband and family about it and decided that it should be okay but not to pay for anything. So I did. As soon as I sent info back packages started arriving and first package was a gold bar. Like a gold bar worth thousands of dollars. I didnot ask questions I just did "my job" and shipped it out to another agent. Then the TV, phones, virtual reality games started coming in. Then it was car parts and tools. Nothing was cheap it was all new and expensive things. Shipped them all out. When pay day rolled around I could not get in touch with anyone and of course I did not get paid. I have four kids and a husband that i was trying to provide for and then this happens. Im so upset, I have spent time/money and time away from family ball games just to stay home and receive these (packages)


I was contacted through email by a Margaret Talley. We had several emails before she sent me a Labour Agreement that explained the job. I would be a Payment Manager. First 3 months is optional, however the first 2 weeks are a trail basis, paid, but trial training under a manager. After that I would be given a full job offer. The job starts remote but would go to an office almost finished. Nothing was asked (nothing I wouldn't put down for a loyalty card) so I continued. This person was actually alive. There hours are 9-5 Mon-Sat and thats when she would come with me. I did have a phone interview with an "Operations Manager" and after that I continued talking with Margaret. It didn't get done until the next day because with filling out any paperwork, I was asked to process a cryptocurrency payment and that it would have to go through my bank account. At that point (no idea if this is true or not) I said due to FCC laws thats not happening and why would you need that, plus due to labor laws I shouldn't be doing anything without filling out paperwork, as I have done hiring before. At this point, she's no longer talking to me and the phone number is no longer working.
A company by the name of Asterisk Interactive contacted me saying they received my resume and would like to interview me. After signing up and getting into the interview, I discovered that it was a group "interview" where the "big" Lewis Morton gave a pitch for this company and talked about how they are expanding into North Carolina because they have a contract to do marketing with Spectrum. He said they would be doing one on one interviews another time and I held out the smallest hope of hope and went on a second "interview" so I could ask questions and understand what this company did. This second interview turned out to be another group interview, this time with about five other people. The "producer," Ishan Rao, used words like "creative marketing" and talked about having contracts with Spectrum and the New York Mets. When I asked what exactly he meant by "personal marketing" and where or how we would meet the customer, he refused to answer. In a quick one-on-one setting, I asked again what he meant by direct marketing and asked about the day-to-day of an employee. He ended my question by saying, "Did you look at the website? We do experiential marketing by starting with big box stores like Target and Target" and then told me that they don't discuss day-to-day activities until the third round of the interview. I know these kinds of companies and that they usually send out a workforce of young people to stand in the parking lot of a store and try to sell things. The hours tend to be long and the "employee" isn't paid a decent wage. I just don't want other people to think this is a real marketing job when it's not.
They email me saying they got my resume off indeed.com. They used a real business name but I looked closely to the website link below it and they spell it a little bit differently then the company name. I filled out an employment contract and had to take a photo holding it and send it back to them. They then contacted me by phone for a supposed interview I was busy at the time and ask them to call me back. But I was trying to be polite by calling them back first and it's a wrong number out of Utah
I was texted by one person saying I got a job opportunity from this company for either Data Entry or Technical Support Representative. This initially started on January 9, 2021. I  was directed to someone via Telegram so that I could do an interview through there. After I was approved to work for them I was directed to another person via Skype so that they can tell me what processes to go through in order to start training for the job. I had to fill out the application for it first before any other instructions. Then I was told that to give information so that they can mail me a check to deposit into my bank account. This check was supposed to be used to buy equipment so that I can use it to work for the company. They were incapable of giving me details until the current step was done. After I received the check and deposited the amount into my account I was told to send the money to a vendor in Atlanta so that they can buy the equipment I needed to work for the company. When I was asked to send money to a vendor I did not go through with it and I was confused on why I needed to get equipment this way. After I mentioned that the money would take more than a day to be processed in my bank the person on Skype stopped answering me.
I was filling out an application online for employment.I went through Career Builders Site because they have my resume. next day I received an email from a HR Department saying they are interested in my application and would like to set up an appointment with me on the date they provided.It was an 1-800 number that they had in this email. I called the number and no answer just an answering machine picked up. I then received another email for an interview. I had a interview with a woman stating that she was from Texas. she asked me questions like an real friend. Finally at the end of the interview she said I was hired. This company wanted me to receive packages and open them and pack them back up. Then after packing them take them to UPS or Post Office and send them to the address they provided on that label. I then called BBB and the person answered the phone said this was a man. they are still calling me and calling me constantly. I am so tired of the email, text and phone calls it is very disturbing.please be careful out there.
My mother works at a college and received this email: ads.jobsoffer2020@outlook.com from a Co-Worker who was also a professor. He said that it was for advertisement opportunity by having the company place a cap on the car. The person who I contacted through the email went by the name Scott Thompson and used the name of a real company called McCann Worldgroup. He said he will mail me the check to pay the professional to wrap my car. He contacted me through text using the number 451-349-7081 when the check was handed to me. He told me to put the check in my account and pay @Emily-was in Venmo once the check cleared. When the check cleared I sent her 3500. I waited 2 days for someone to come and wrap my car but no one came. When I contacted them, they kept making excuses. I directly called McCann company and they told me I was fired and that someone was using their name to scare people. By the time I checked my checking account, the check bounced and the dealer took my money instead.

I was contacted by this company for a work from home position. They told me that I would have to work for 30 days before getting paid because that is considered the mandatory period. I would be receiving packages, checking the content and sending them back off from here. I would get my first pay check on the 31st day which would be Monday, January 8th 2021. I entered all of my personal info and also my direct deposit info. I go on the website they sent me to get my money and none of my log ins work and the manager number is now disconnected. I worked for 30 days for free and now the business is as if it doesn't exist.
Ka      ere 12/22/2020 12:59 PM Friday, Let me share the email I got: This was W       from the FBIU of SHEA INTERNATIONAL. I just left you a notice regarding on your application for Packing Specialist.but wanted to drop a line by email in case this is more convenient for you. I am reaching out because it looks like you are great fit for Packing Specialist position here at  In Time Deals. Give me a call back at 302-   -0423 and ask for Mack        , if convenient, or feel free to reply to this email.
 So Debbie Gibson  initially contacted me and told me I had an interview on it. There was no video chat, all through typing. She told me I received the job and that I have to finish a task before my compensation that was like an essay. She also got my address and probably talked into my computer during the interview. I called PRA HQ and they said their correspondence is. NOT @prahsjobs.com
Clean water -  advertisement campaign / water covid-19 helping hand program.  ITS A!! I received an email to put an extra filter on my car and get paid for it. A few days later I receive a check in the mail that came priority first class for over 4,000 dollars and a piece of paper telling me to text this "Mr. Tony Gray" and email a different address "lastdawn45@gmail.com. so i called the number instead of calling and a man answered and sounded completely unprofessional.He asked me to send him a picture of the check, which is odd because it's a check by him or his company.  The following day he proceeds to text me starting with small talk  like good morning and how are you doing!  I told him im not putting his check in my bank account a d proceeds to ask me if I have cash app!I tell him yes and he demands I enable it on it! I don't care. I tell him it is not real money  and he says " do it now"!  So of course I don't! I did a little bit of research online and the website to the "campaign" is shut down.
My mother was called regarding employment  as a home health aide with a company called Humble Hearts, only to find out the address attached was a residential address and the number was invalid.
I was doing the daily check for new job openings on the's job board. With time at home jobs have become much more available. Not thinking to look into the company at first do you the desperate need of employment I started to apply. I become suspicious after being asked to do an online interview. But again with you, it's very common. Then I was directed to complete an application and was uploaded to their website. The first red flag was this said company but person I was communicating with said INC. the second red flag was for printing and capitalization. So I decided to look them up. Couldn't find anything at first other than their site. I went back to the original ad and noticed the ad was posted by a Jeff INC. I then dialed their phone number, and sure enough Jeff INC and their phone number were labeled as a fake. The photo attached is the same ad
On February 8, 2021, I received a 2020 W-2 from a company called Friendly Advanced Software Technology Inc (I will call them "Friendly Advanced" moving forward) as the employer with myself as the employee. According to the W-2, they are located at 10375 Park Meadows Drive  suite #  475 in Littleton, Colorado, ZIP code 80124. I searched for this company under the BBB website, but no results showed up. I tried Google-searching Friendly Advanced, but I could not find a company website nor a phone number or email. I tried to look up the address only and when I excluded the ZIP code in the search, I got a general-looking building, but Friendly Advanced was not shown to be located inside that main building. When I included the ZIP code with the rest of the address, it resulted in a company called Global Employment Solutions, which also does not have an official company website. According to Google, this new company I was hired to is located at the same address as Friendly Advanced except for the town. It said Global Employment Solutions is located at 10375 Park Meadows Drive, suite #475, in Lone Tree, Colorado, ZIP code 80124, whereas Friendly Advanced is located in Littleton, Colorado, ZIP code 80124. However, when I searched for Global Employment Solutions on the FBI website, their result shows they are located at 10375 Park Meadows Drive suite #375, Littleton, Colorado, ZIP code 80124 (they are also noted as NOT ABA accredited) Since there is confusion in and lack of information for Friendly Advanced Software Technology Inc as well as Global Employment Solutions, I strongly believe this is company is a liar and has committed fraud, since they know my name, address, and SSN.
 Lady claims to have work and requires information about you and your services you provide.  But will only tell you EOG is her business and she works for someone else but want give any information about the company. Donot want people to get cheated out of any money or work rendered if they honestly had something to do.   Businesses could not find company name they claimed to be for a major project 

 I was contacted on my cell phone via text. He said his name was Matthew Wayne from Walker's Food Products and if I wanted to undergo an online interview. I applied at Walker's Food Products for a position advertised on Indeed.com as Administrative Assistant and Customer Service Representative. The position offered PAID training and the salary was $25 an hour..  Medical benefits, Sick Leave Plan/Retirement plan.  It was for a remote position only, part time or full time. He texted if I had some and which I did not and he said I should download it on my cell to do an online interview with Mrs. Patt Donald (Interview Manager), email is pattdonald7@gmail.com, and to state my name and location.    Ok, so I did. He asked for my email email so she could contact me through Google accounts.  I gave it. She contacted me and began getting me interview questions via Google Hangouts.  Legitimate interview questions which I answered. She said she would forward my answers to the company. The next day she said to check my email email. I did. It showed that I got the job. And attached was a W-4 form, an Emergency Contact Form, a form to list my education, Employee Eligibility Certificate, US Rep. of Labor, and a job offer/acceptance letter.  I filled them out and handed them back to her. Then, she said they were going to send me $2300 to buy a book and "software" that I can use for this position and that I must have an office. I do. She wanted to send this money to my bank account right away so I could start on February 5, 2021.    I asked her to send it to me in a check and asked why she needed to send it to my bank. She said it was faster and easier for me to get the money. I was not comfortable with that. She asked if I could buy gift cards at least in the amount of $500. I asked why.  She said so that I could get the Macbook and "other" products sent out to me with the $2300 check right away. I told her I did not have $500. She said she would contact me on Monday. Today is empty. I called the number on their website and left a voice mail that I want to verify that I was offered a position at their company for Remote Administrative Assistant and that I wanted to verify that this was not a deal. I still have not heard from them. The website looks legitimate. The only thing is that a customer cannot order their products online because there is no menu to select and order. There is not cart. The site shows pictures of their location, and their products, but no prices. And it shows the following information: We's Fresh Foods opened our doors in 1947 with a family potato salad recipe and a few sacks of chips. Building upon the success of our Original Potato Salad, today Walker's produces a diverse line of over one hundred different sides, sides, tops, and dishes. Our customers include independent and multi-unit restaurants, producers, and food retailers from coast to coast. In addition to our own tried and true recipes, Walker's specializes in partners with our customers to develop and produce innovative private label products. They have info@walkersfoodproducts.com and 816 472-8121 as contact information. They say they have offices in Chicago, ILL. They now have my personal information:  contacts, SSN, family members' names and cell phone numbers and my education. 
Initially I was contacted through text message regarding a job offer application on Indeed, which basically was the exact role position I was interested in. At the time I was actively applying on Indeed. Didn't think much of it and I was eager, so I said I was interested. I then was instructed to use a mobile app  like Telegram and  to contact the hiring manager named , Nakita McMullen (46) ". As I spoke to  do her name, I was only asked for my experience as a mean to get to know me. It didn't feel like an interview at all, and every time I responded,  if she knew  immediately within less than a second would have an entire paragraph of response. This obviously was scripted, and didn't even bother to see what I was saying. Quick and easy - I was offered the position after  last speaking to superiors,  within a few days of extended conversation. I've checked multiple platforms to research more about the company and employee reviews  something doesn't seem right. A few people have also left reviews regarding the same experience with them trying to hire during these times and their odd way of the employment process. The mobile app Telegram also has an issue with its secret codes and encryption.
I was contacted by a Megan Greysmith who supposedly worked in the Kexburg fire department. I was offered a job and signed a contract that at the end of the month they would pay me for the work I did for them. I never received payment and I tried reaching out to them but no one every got back to me.
i was contacted via email by hr-jan.b@nckd.ambizionmagazine.com saying: "Hello             , We discovered your resume on one of the jobs seeking resources. As if right now, our company has a few job opportunities to offer. If you have an interest, we have provided all the detailed information needed with the file attached. If you are interested in the position please reply us back. Best Regards." Next email from job.mpqualitycontrol@gmail.com: "Dear      , Thank you for applying to the Quality Control Associate position at MidPro Quality Control. We would like to inform you that we received your application, and our hiring team is currently reviewing it. This position would require you to communicate with your supervisor on a daily basis, and it is very important for us that each and every associate has a good personal record. A friendly personality, and good communication skills  also  is a must. In order to know you better, and get a feeling of your personality, please answer the following questions: 1.     What do you do when a work-related issue arises? a)     Ignore the issue. b)     Try to solve the issue myself. c)     Bring up this issue to my supervisor. 2.     How do you describe your written and verbal communication skills? a)     Above average. b)     Average. c)     Below average. 3.     If given a choice  :  When would you prefer to perform your work-related tasks? a)     Morning. b)     Mid-day. c)     Evening. Also, we have attached some additional material to this email, in order for you to get a better understanding of the tasks and duties that are required for this position. We hope that this information would be helpful in your decision-making process. If you decide that this position is the correct fit for you .  Please reply back to this email, including your answers to the above-listed questions. You will be notified on the decision of your application within 24 hours after we receive your reply. Feel free to contact us if you have any questions, and thank you for your time." The next email contained text saying that I needed to sign job offer papers including my bank account number for payment. Following the law "if its too good to be true, it probably is," I decided to report it and not send any information.
The "I failed Elementary school class" utilized in the text messages are highlighted by the poor spelling and pronunciation. However, the reader has completely offended him/herself with the proper sentence structure and has then threw in the incorrect use of capital letters and proceeds to put it over the top. The paper definitely deserves a great, big, construction paper ribbon with a shiny gold "Participation" sign.  Here are the texts: Text #1 from 214-612-6309: "Hello, I believe this is  John Smith? I am Jodi Heckaman from The firm ( Lincoln Financial Group). Your resume was seen on  CAREER BUILDER, we  feel you would be an asset to the company and its growth. Opening Positions: Administrative Executive, Customer Service Representatives, Senior Data Entry clerk, DataBase Administrator, Payroll Assistance. The pay-rate  paid is  now $38 8 per hour, while training is $22 per hour. This is strictly an online work from home job The interview will be conducted online via  the., Skype or Telegram... So please which of these Apps, do you have to get started. Do you have SMS, Skype Account or Telegram?? " Text #2 from 240-573-2706: Good afternoon is this John Smith? I'm Mrs Success from Carson Dellosa Education, Our recruitment team viewed your resume published Online and you have been shortlisted for an interview. Application : Customer Service Representative/ Administrative Assistants / Data Entry. I believe you you re interested? Any person sending that "Hooked on You didn't work for me" courtesy of a text and then offering to pay $38/hour for a customer service representative is either a lawyer, a flat-broke ex-businessman, or just plain bat  - crazy. 2 job - texts in 2 days. Be careful, be smart, and brave.
basically this company my wife works for (best shop ever, DOS # 5867774) send packages to our house they ask us to remove the label and name and ship it to another person. they have also asked us to go to the ups store and then print out someone else's ID and try and get packages through there name and ID. they have also asked us to create account with Amazon for them using are personal information. they have my wife's social number and from the people who have worked here in the past have said they will steal your credit and ask you to do illegal things. we want to report this before anything happens to ourselves and our credit.
This maybe is a potential hit, I received a check from DIVERSIFIED PROFESSIONAL SERVICES CORP. the job is for the company AKKA Technologies and the check that I received from Illinois through Ohio. the address from the check indicates Florida. they will send a new check and they told me this one will be good because I had a rejection from the bank, because the first aid package was deleted. Is to purchasing the working materials from the company. SUSPICIOUS ACTIVITIES
John Pullman asked for my drivers license so he could send me $950 weekly before I even knew what the job was about... He has my phone number and has been telling me...
They will lure you in with a lucrative job offer of 25/50 remote work from home position. They will send you a check with money to be used on equipment for the job. But instead of sending you a list of equipment to buy they will send you a full transfer account to a  local vendor,  who will supposedly provide the equipment. The check will initially go through and you will assume you have the money in your account. You spend the money and then all of a sudden the check has been removed but YOU are the one held liable for the missing funds since you made the whole transfer to a different account already.
This company first contacted me via phone and told me that they saw my application (I never applied to a company with that name) and would like me to interview. At first, I thought they were another company I had applied to (and they might have been, under another name), as they mentioned their location being in Northern Virginia, where I had largely been applying to data entry jobs. On the phone call, they mentioned data entry and I thought that was what it was about. I received an email inviting me to a job interview, which was followed up by a second pre-interview email reminder. The first email included info about how the interview would supposedly go, saying "During the interview, we will discuss your past work experiences, your career goals and career opportunities with one of our hiring managers." This never happened, as I will explain momentarily. The second email said "Please log on using the Link listed below. Once you've signed into the call, please put your microphone on mute until our Hiring Manager has began the meeting!" We couldn't make it ourselves--she muted it on her end and it was stuck like that. During the "interview" call, there were over 100 of us on the job call, and they person we saw basically pitched the company to us in a sales pitch and told us to write notes because we would need it if we had a follow-up interview (which is one on one at a location nearest to us, a half hour before the business actually opens, which I find extremely odd). During the meeting, they told us that the job was marketing and then mentioned the parent company (Cuba Inspires), and used name-dropping to make it sound better than I suspect it is. The person told us that the owner works with clients like The Simpsons to help them obtain travel to Cuba and said that we would potentially meet with them and other guys like that (this was a big red flag to me). The website stated that the company got started in the UK about 10 years ago, but that the US office started in 2020 (and claims 2019). She also said that there are offices in Australia, Colombia, Canada, UK, etc, but I found no evidence of this whatsoever. At the end of the call, she told us to expect a follow-up email regarding a second interview, saying that we needed to respond between 3pm and 6pm to secure a spot for the interview. No questions were allowed during the first interview and they never respond to emails regarding questions asked. I strongly suspect this company runs under multiple names and uses the same basic hiring practices elsewhere, under other identities. I had also noted this of interest: I searched for this company through OSINT databases and blogs and found very little information. The website (http://www.goinspirechange.com) looks extremely fake, like a stock website. The address (8201 Corporate Drive, Suite 250, Hyattsville, MD, 20785) is questionable, as there are reportedly a number of other companies in the same building. According to thesters, the company website is hiding their domain info. It describes the owner as being a Silicon valley group called "Loop, Inc." (aka Loop Now Technologies, Inc), and their website also doesn't exist. They have what appears to be a few fake reviews on Google (the only ones with commentary are negative), and the website Google links to is also fake. The 4 employees listed on LinkedIn for 2017 have no background in media relations. All of the emails were signed with "Emma" (which I found on another website talking about a similar name, same - name), but none of the LinkedIn employees are named Emma. Clicking 'apply' on any of the posts listed at http://www.goinspirechange.com/opportunities/# goes nowhere. The section called "You Will Be In Charge Of" on LinkedIn doesn't seem to change much, and all of the qualifications are the same no matter what the job is--I find this very suspicious. The parent company for those two companies is "Cuba Inspires." Cuba Inspires' website also does not exist Its Twitter has 5 posts, none of which actually belong to the company Its Twitter hasn't been active since 2017 and has almost no posts Its Facebook is a page that someone created, not the company's. I am hoping I am wrong about this company but unfortunately, I don't think I am. I think they've avoided detection until now through a number of non-disclosure agreements (which are legal but not illegal) and changing their name frequently. They may also be a company called the Young Entrepreneurs Academy. I didn't give them any personal information or money, but I'm concerned that others may have.

I saw a job opportunity on Facebook and the job was false and they offered a job for me

Holton Ogle asked about a position that I applied to on Indeed. He told me that the position was filled but a personal assistant position. I tried looking up his name and found no results. I copied the email and I found the same message with a different message.
My father applied for a software developer job on site for a company called Perficient (St. louis). We did a search and the company is real and the people working were using names of real employees. It requested a video interview which he gave a time frame he was available. They said since that time didn't work they would email questions to which he needed to respond within 60 minutes (no personal information aside from name and email address). The person said they would send it to the board for review and within the hour he was sent an offer letter with a slightly less hourly pay, but still unusually high for his experience. They would also send him a check for a home office and remote work-from-home equipment which again seemed too good to be true. we had a few hours of celebration about this exciting news before we got suspicious. The emails listed on the real estate website were all personal and not the email he received.
I was contacted via email regarding a position with this company as Data Entry/Customer Service Representative. Did an online interview via the app , andus, was explained the position in great detail. I should have known better but everything seemed right. I was asked to provide a copy of my utility bill which I did.  Today I did call West Point Power to advise them of this and put the necessary information on my account to protect it. I did contact the corporate office of AMEDISYS in Baton Rouge, LA and spoke with Cindy who has informed me that I am not the only one who has called regarding this.  People have actually received checks and some have deposited the money n their account.  Please feel free to call me for further information.  I've included some documentation I received and sent to the police.
They used my own information to create an unemployment claim. They added a last name onto mine and somehow got it paid out on my social security number.
Welcome to Conduent Inc. Attached in this email are your employment offer letter, E-Form, and your Direct Deposit form, showing that you are now an employee of this company Conduent Inc and have been hired to carry out the duties of a Medical Planning and Coding Officer. Kindly note that you are required to provide us with a passport photograph for the purpose of creating your Identity card that states, you are an employee of Conduent Inc. Your Identity card will be delivered to you the same day as when your working materials are being delivered. Have the forms filled out and signed before calling back for details. Warm Regards. Download all documents as a PDF file.-FORM.. Direct deposit FORM..
Asked to be a secret lover. They sent a check for 1950 to buy gift cards.
They had a initial job posting on Indeed for a  US Standard File Clerk site  (as well as many other job sites that I've found looking them up), from there they contacted me by email by a woman named , Samantha Hazelwood. They stated that they had seen my resume and would like to set up an interview with me  to immediately ". I was told to contact the hiring manager named Mrs. Mckenzie Taylor via Google about instant message. She interviewed me the next day via the instant mail and asked me standard interview questions such as  : why should we employ you? tell me about yourself, etc. ). She asked me how I would like to be paid either weeklyly or weekly and either by direct deposit or wire transfer. She told me initially I would be working from home starting immediately the following day as they were going to overnight ship me a laptop, tax forms and a check to buy all of the supplies for the job (printer, copy machine, radio, computer programs). She hired me in the same interview. It was later when I was trying to look up their website I saw that the link and name they gave me did not exist. There is no website for  the www.lasofanna.net.  it is not a domain yet. Looking up their company I could not find any information about them except job listing on every other job site available. Looking them up on me only found one not verified business called LaSofanna, with an address that is a house in Arizona. One of the only things that came up in images was a news article about job news being posted this year which had similar stories to what I experienced. I believe they were trying to either steal my money or my identity or have me commit check fraud.

I was contacted by a Bernard Christopher saying they saw my resume on Texas Workforce.org and was interested in an interview for an Administrative Assistant Data Entry position. When I realized that I was interested, he directed me to go to Wire.com and open a chat with a Roger Richard. I proceeded to answer normal interview questions and was then told I was hired and I would be getting a check sent to me to pay for the software needed to set up an at-home office. When I get the check, I am supposed to deposit it and then buy the needed software. I was told to contact him at 8am tomorrow morning. I did not provide any banking numbers or SS numbers. They have my name, address, email, and phone. I took photos of the entire conversation.
Asked to be a secret lover. They sent a check for 1950 to buy gift cards.
They had a initial job posting on Indeed for a  US Standard File Clerk site  (as well as many other job sites that I've found looking them up), from there they contacted me by email by a woman named , Samantha Hazelwood. They stated that they had seen my resume and would like to set up an interview with me  to immediately ". I was told to contact the hiring manager named Mrs. Mckenzie Taylor via Google about instant message. She interviewed me the next day via the instant mail and asked me standard interview questions such as  : why should we employ you? tell me about yourself, etc. ). She asked me how I would like to be paid either weeklyly or weekly and either by direct deposit or wire transfer. She told me initially I would be working from home starting immediately the following day as they were going to overnight ship me a laptop, tax forms and a check to buy all of the supplies for the job (printer, copy machine, radio, computer programs). She hired me in the same interview. It was later when I was trying to look up their website I saw that the link and name they gave me did not exist. There is no website for  the www.lasofanna.net.  it is not a domain yet. Looking up their company I could not find any information about them except job listing on every other job site available. Looking them up on me only found one not verified business called LaSofanna, with an address that is a house in Arizona. One of the only things that came up in images was a news article about job news being posted this year which had similar stories to what I experienced. I believe they were trying to either steal my money or my identity or have me commit check fraud.

I was contacted by a Bernard Christopher saying they saw my resume on Texas Workforce.org and was interested in an interview for an Administrative Assistant Data Entry position. When I realized that I was interested, he directed me to go to Wire.com and open a chat with a Roger Richard. I proceeded to answer normal interview questions and was then told I was hired and I would be getting a check sent to me to pay for the software needed to set up an at-home office. When I get the check, I am supposed to deposit it and then buy the needed software. I was told to contact him at 8am tomorrow morning. I did not provide any banking numbers or SS numbers. They have my name, address, email, and phone. I took photos of the entire conversation.
I was contacted by a man called Robert Craig in regards to my resume posted in Career Builders and my match for a position as an Administrative Assistant/Data Clerk for LHC Group working from home. He interview me and after the interview it the position was offered, made me signed a contract and email it to him also did a 2 day assessment and after the assessment he sends me a letter saying he will be sending me via email a check with a bonus for me to cash the check and pay for the office setting at my house. I contacted LHC Group website and shows that there has been several cases and that they had issues with their security information leaking to please forgive them. At this point I gave the stupid man my name address and phone, he was not able to get my ID or ID or banking information because I was lucky enough to realize that he was going at me. I reported this to the local authorities and they are aware of the damaged this guy is doing to others that are looking for a job. I have copies of all the emails that he send me and the conversations, I have also copy of the contract and the detail description of the job description. Everything looked and seems so real until he send a letter stating he was giving me a $100.00 and the money for the office home setting equipment for me to print it and deposit it in my account. I was lucky by then that I was clear to know that this guy was a thief. SOMETHING needs to be done in regards to this.
I received a text message about having a Mountain View banner on my car to promote the new energy drink they suppose to have out now.  And be paid 500 a week.I had to pay for the work which a check for 4,900 was sent to me for the suppose technician meanwhile It was a note My bank notified me today asking did I make a purchase for 259.00 I said no meanwhile my money was spent today at Chick-in-A which was in another state. Now If I've been killed.
I started receiving emails around 8 p.m. on July 10th. I immediately reached out and asked that the company share who sold my information to them so I can file an appropriate complaint. I received a response back on February 11th stating that I had signed up with their company on February 11th.
I spoke to several people that seemed professional and discussed the employment offer. I ended up filling out a tax form for taxes. Had contact with several managers and was sent to pick up packages. One day before my supposed "pay day" by direct deposit to my bank, all communication was ceased. I can get no answer from any one of the nurses and my Dashboard access has been denied. No phone or email communication is available.
I was contacted by an individual alleging to be the Sales Manager for Kennards Logistic Service LLC. I was offered a position for an account manager type role after my resume was found on indeed.com. There was no formal interview, no phone call, etc. about the position, just a job offer. I informed the Sales Manager of my interest and requested more information, like a company website. They provided me with one, but I was not able to find them with a basic Google search. No information shows for this company with a basic Google search or other search engines. After they provided me with a company website, I was able to look through the services they provided to customers, but no careers page or any information on their alleged website about available jobs. The company uses an address for Utah and Canada. The Google maps link of their address, pulls up for Toledo, OH for what appears to be an abandoned building. When I searched for their address in Utah, it pulled up an address for a Jewelry company in a strip mall type building and for the actual address it showed a shared building, but none of their information came up for that building. In my email correspondence with the Hotel Manager, answers to questions are either vague or just skipped over. I took a look at the new website to see if I could find any information about the company and nothing appeared either. It was very concerning to see this and after some additional research and checking on ICANN Lookup, it appears that this position is a fake.
Earn Extra $400 weekly!!!. ICE-CREAM currently needs lots of Vehicle/Bike/Boat to place a bike on with a reward of $400 weekly. Application is Free. Visit                           by Multiple application is not allowed. Thank you.
I received a text yesterday and it read:  Hello IN, I am Brandon Taylor from UCB Company. Your resume was reviewed on the Workintexas system and your background and experience qualify you for an Administrative Assistant and Data entry position at the firm. Reply if interested to schedule an interview. Thank you. I replied please send me job description. They replied The job is work from home and pay is $30.75. I replied, Please send me in to see job description. I felt like it was a game, because they never sent me company details or the job description.
I was contacted via phone by David King stating he represented this company called Hydrix Group and wanted to interview me for a Administrative Assistant position working from home. I participated in what appear to be a legitimate job interview. A few hours later I received an e-mail informing that I had been selected for the position. I was then contacted again by him and he informed me of my supposed duties as Administrative Assistant, gave me a start date, and that I would receive a $2,400 check to purchase a laptop and the software I will be using for the job.A few hours later I receive a check via email, and a call from Dad urging me to promptly deposit it into my account.He tells me too wait until the next day once the funds are available to buy gift cards and send him the card numbers.As he needed this information to send to the vendor so I can have my working equipment the next week. After sending the gift card info I never heard back from him.I was a victim of a war and all I was looking for was a job to provide for my family during these tough times.And someone ended up taking it all from me.I don't know what to do and it's impossible for me to come up with the funds I'm still looking for a job.
I was on the website looking for jobs. When I clicked on this site saying that I can get paid for advertising your slogan on my car for 550$ a week. So I filled out info and then I got a text message from "Mr. George" asking if I got my pay yet in mail in form of a check.? I told him yes and then he instructed me to only deposit the check into my account and to not go to check again so it can clear faster. Which makes no sense. So I knew then I was dealing with it. He kept telling me to only put it into my bank then withdrawal the remaining amount of check which was for 2550$ and send it to the Guys that are gonnana come to my house and wrap my car but send it to a " bank" through cash app. I told him at that time I'm sensing fraud and I'm reporting it. Then the number is no longer valid. These guys are weird and don't realize there just digging themselves into a home. So beautiful.

The company contacted me to work online for them. They wanted my banking info. I realized that they were doing something illegal when I saw they were putting money into my account and transferring it to someone else. I was told the money was for equipment I never starting working or seen equipment. Now they have changed the password to my bank account and I can't access it.
Recently I have been applying for jobs on Indeed.  Yesterday, I received this email: Dear Ms.      , I'm writing to express our interest in you as a candidate for our new Project Supervisor position with Texas branch of Metropolitan Supply Network, Inc..  Below is the basic information about the company and the position we are offering, please take a look and advise on any questions. You might also want to visit our website for further details. Metropolitansn.com Metropolitan Supply Network, Inc. is a privately held company of all types of offshore supply and client service in the range of sectors. We make the process of supplying  various offshore operations with equipment, general supplies, machines, vehicles, oil pipes, parts, tools, engines and many more as easy and cost-effective as possible. We offer a wide range of services, including air, sea and land transportation  engineering and supply chain management, to a diverse customer base  throughout Asia, Europe and North America. Founded in 2002 we are currently headquartered in Stockholm (Sweden) and expanding over U.S (2020) and Canada (2021). POSITION Project Supervisor (Job ID: 0) JOB STATUS: Full-Time, W2  WORKING HOURS: 9-00 a.m - 5-00 p.m, local time  SALARY (FIXED): $92,000.00 - $95,000.00 BENEFITS: medical, dental and vision insurance (for you and 1 family member), 401K program "50 of the first 6%", FMLA and PTO, performance reports POSTED: 2020-06-08 POSITION SUMMARY - Manages all aspects of equipment projects, from beginning to end, with direct responsibility for project execution  - Leads a team, or teams to accomplish specific objectives in a given time frame and with limited resources  - Responsible for the administration, implementation and management of equipment lease/finance projects  - Accounting for assigned projects,  scope of work, schedule and budget  RESPONSIBILITIES - Responsible for the completion of assigned projects and customer satisfaction. - Plans and manages assigned projects, establishes schedules and project parameters and sets procedures to accomplish system objectives. - meetings with customers and their representatives, including owners, contractors, contractors, and field support staff. - Controls expenses by monitoring assigned project budget. TRAINING PROGRAM: paid, $2,500-4,500  TRAINING PROGRAM DETAILS: all managers are expected to complete a 4 week paid entry level management training, you will receive one new study every day and a test for them each day. You 'n't have to pay for anything or involve your personal funds into this. Training 'n't take you more than 20 minutes every day, easy to combine with your full time job.  Your Payment depends on results of four training tests and the Final test. You will receive guaranteed $2,500 (via cash or direct deposit), but it can be $4,500 if you have over  average test scores. You will be invited to come to our New York office for a short introduction course once you pass 4 weeks of training and the final test after that, on 5th week. This is when you will receive a formal job offer letter. We cover all expenses for travel and a week-long stay. Please reply with any comment and I'll send you next steps and application forms to apply for position. Feel free to contact me if you have any questions. Thanks in advance and looking forward to hearing from you soon, Michelle Anderson, Human Resources: +18337151771 Metropolitan Supply Network, Inc. 1325 6th Avenue, New York, NY 10019 Metropolitansn.com                                                           
This didn't appear  but Too good to be true!.   There is minimal work involved, and the Business Model is legitimate. The  last Red Flag issue  for me was the inability to have a direct point of contact, and the  last A INTELIGENCE DELIVERED The  letter I received Priority Mail. I noticed the spelling of intelligence first, then their website... , www.secretsshopper.com ). The letter I received to  to.   Walgreens   Dollar General   Target   Best Buy wins, and the list goes on. The instructions didn't add up, at all. I was instructed to deposit a check from Suncoast Credit Union into my personal account, then provide proof of deposit, then purchase gift cards in high amounts, send pictures of those gift cards with the codes scratched off. None of this seemed right, so I called my bank, and after speaking with them, I'm posting this and am not moving forward with this company. My hope is...I'm helping someone else from falling for a man. Im praying that Io m wrong
After posting on Facebook, I came across a part-time job as a Virtual Assistant for Matt Klette's Sweet Treats. As a college student this seemed like a pretty good deal so I sent in my application. I then received an email several weeks later saying I would be a good candidate for the job. In this email they asked for me to fill out a "job application" with normal information like name, address, phone number. They also asked that I include a picture of my driver's license. I sent it, and immediately received an email with bizarre language and slang which then led me to believe that this was a dream. Don't be like me. Do not send your driver's license over email to a company you know nothing about. I also found Facebook pages and other websites stating that this job offer is a deal, and if you accept the job the checks will bounce, and they are most likely trying to get into your bank account.
I was initially contacted via text message by Anita Nichols phone number 651-401-4474  and Vanessa Natalia about a customer service position that I applied for on Career Builder. Today I was texted to interview for the job on the app Telegram. The newspaper claimed that he was with Trinity Chemicals. I believed it. The interview process was easy and lasted for approximately 45 minutes. After a small amount of time I was contacted by the retired Mr. Raymond Douglas again to compensate me for passing the interview for the Administrative Assistant with Trinity Chemicals at the rate of pay $28.80/hour. He said that the company was going to mail out a check for all of the office equipment that I would need and then I was also to take a bonus amount of the check as well although the amount wasn as t specified. Recently I was involved in the car wrap up as well. My name must be for sale on the dark web.
I was initially contacted via text message by Anita Nichols phone number 651-401-4474  and Vanessa Natalia about a customer service position that I applied for on Career Builder. Today I was texted to interview for the job on the app Telegram. The newspaper claimed that he was with Trinity Chemicals. I believed it. The interview process was easy and lasted for approximately 45 minutes. After a small amount of time I was contacted by the retired Mr. Raymond Douglas again to compensate me for passing the interview for the Administrative Assistant with Trinity Chemicals at the rate of pay $28.80/hour. He said that the company was going to mail out a check for all of the office equipment that I would need and then I was also to take a bonus amount of the check as well although the amount wasn as t specified. Recently I was involved in the car wrap up as well. My name must be for sale on the dark web.
I  was initially contacted from phone 304-805-6147 to promote AMP Energy drink by placing a car to a personal vehicle. The company would send a check for $2850.00, earning $500.00 per week, I would be contacted later on where to send the reminder of the $2850.00 deposit the entire check, The check arrived in a priority USPS envelope. Address on the envelope     is Misty Glen Lane, Dallas,TX 75232. The bank on the check is Century Bank 400 Main Avenue, Medford, Ma 02155. This the second check in two months.
I got a job offer and she asked me to download them and text the hiring manager
Temporary letters reached out to me claiming to have found my resume on indeed and then Paul interviewed me through WhatsApp for a working position with the Grupo Santillana publishing company. I was sent a hiring package the next morning following my interview (interview ended around 10pm that night over text message  very informal ) After sending over employment information information I was "hired" and sent multiple checks and told to deposit them for working materials (laptop, printer, and cable). Company sent me many checks as none of them were paid and then eventually sent me cash through mail. After going through all of this I finally contacted Indeed and asked about the company and they verified that no company by the name of Grupo Santillana is on indeed. This is a SCAM. wish I had known sooner. Haven't lost anything so far as of (1) but very disappointed in how advanced this plan was.
I got an text from Florence Dennis who apparently works for me in work in Paris. She wants to interview me right now but needs my email account.  Its on my resume so why does she need it. And why interview me this minute. I've always had emails from by job searches and times that I will be interviewed. So I'm afraid to give any info. Just sounded kind of nice.
He found this job offer on indeed.com it was for a package manager/inspector. I applied and received an email offering me the job and telling me more about it that I would receive packages to my home and print our new labels and ship out the products after I had examined the package. Then she sent me a document to go over and had me send a picture of my drivers license or ID and banking info. She said I would get paid about $2800 after a month has been completed I have employment. And that I would use a program that will keep track of the packages and tracking numbers of the packages I was receiving and sending. I became suspicious and sent her a few emails and then I have not received any contact from Maria Brown after sending emails that I would like to resign and terminate my position.
I had looked for a job and found this company and they hired me..  They had me sign into a store and accept jobs, the job would consist of accepting packages to my home and creating labels for them to be shipped off. I would read the packages..  One of the things I needed was gold bar. -  p  I had a question so I tried contact the company over the weekend but the line was busy and i couldn't get in touch with anyone, I started to notice the red flags, called the CEO and realized that this was a trap. I must  have been working with this whole company for two weeks straight. #  p This is the third case i have been a victim of.
He indicates his name is Billy King and owns a business MT Moving Services and is looking for a Personal Assistant/Mail Clerk,  Will pay me 800 dollars a week and the balance will be for the purchasing agent to help organize shipment  or our goods directly from manufacturer.   Was to contact to contact 317-593-5238 for employment information and his name is John.    I asked for company Tax ID number and have not heard back from them.
I mean this lady who posted  a HIRING STAY AT HOME POSITIONS.  she tells me she works for the services and tells me all about the company. And everything sounded so real. She asked me did I wanna apply and had me download what's app where the  @ or guy  would be getting in touch with me. They texted me all kinds of questions that really felt to me like an application/interview. They sent me a $2,000 check to my email and told me they would be shipping me my Apple Mac in the mail. $200 of the $2,000 I was to keep for a  bonus sign on bonus days? And the rest was for the programs she would help me download when the laptop comes in. Now she has all of my person information and I have a check that's no good in my bank account.
This is the email that was sent to me. I am a human resources manager of a developing European auction house. The company current development program consists of increasing the area of our activities all over the world by opening new offices. That's why we are after a skilled and devoted personnel. I was lucky to find your name on job-seeking website and I am certain that you accord with our specification for an FBI Agent position. What's in it for you: - Partial involvement (full-time is available after 3 months of work), working from home with long working hours  - Guaranteed payment of $2000 for the training month and $2500 afterwards paid every month  - Handsome bonus system. Paid immediately per each successfully processed transaction  - Benefits package: full training paid vacation period, health, life, dental insurance coverage - available after 6 months of employment. Your responsibilities: - Act as a key interface between our buyers and dealers in our transactions. Assist buyers and seller with any transaction related issues  - Be able to offer our clients different payment method options and guarantee that they can use methods of payment most convenient for them  - Ensure clear, efficient and competent advice to our clients  - Keep records for an accounting system. Applicant should: - Be able to multi-task throughout the day  - Full legal age 23+  - Be A permanent resident  - Have great work ethics  - Have mobile phone, Internet and laptop  - NO criminal record. If you want to get in touch with us: just simply  reply to this message to get an Employment Agreement Form. Please send a reply to this message including your actual contact information. Best regards, Brittany Frazier.
Offered employment and I sent copy of I'd and she went to meet up for job address  belonged to another business.
Brittany                probably profile of a real person or fake profile using other info) contacted me about a work from home job... With Hiring Hit Limited. Even said they are accredited by the FBI and they aren't.
I was initially contacted by email saying they had seen my resume on one of the job search sites and wanted to interview me. He conducted an interview including detailed questions over the app Telegram and after an hour or so he said he'd discuss with his team and they came back saying they'd like to offer me a job. I was just as I'd been unemployed for almost a year. He detailed the position and everything it would contain. He said the company was based in Italy but has a location in the US and was going to commission a building in Los Angeles for March 1 so it would be a remote position until then. I was sent a job offer letter, along with a business code of conduct and the government paperwork for employment. I reported to Miss Bionda (supposedly) every morning and completed several tasks (writing research reports). I was sent checks via email to deposit to my bank account and use partially as payment and partially toward purchasing necessary equipment. Everything was always extremely detailed and seemed completely legitimate. The first check was frozen in my bank account and they apologized, said he was working personally with the chief of accounting going over their weekly finances to get the issue resolved and that they'd send a check from a different one of the financial institutions they work with. The second check cleared and they had me send one payment through Zelle, and they said the other payments had to go through the app Zengo by purchasing it and sending it as payment to the vendors accounts. They sent another check a few days later for additional equipment and by the time I had deposited it the second check was showing as frozen as well, even though it'd been showing as available earlier. My account was used multiple times but I wanted to believe it wasn't a dream because I needed a job so badly. I ended up getting asked to put an additional $980 on my credit card. I only fully realized the truth when my bank froze my entire account pending an investigation. I let  out sayo  know and he hasn't responded since.
He said his name was Dean Anderson. Something popped up on my phone and said that I had a message via some voice number. I never even knew I had a single voice number. He said that he would pay me $1000.00 a month if I would put a kit-kit logo on the side of my vehicle. That is about as far as he got because I knew it was a trap.
This guy offers to have your snow on Craig's list. When you agree to time and price, he you ll need an advance via pay - for gas and food. Then keeps coming up with excuses and sob stories of why he can't come and needs more money to be able to.

I was excited about a job position of payment manager they had found my resume on indeed starting pay would be $38, plus commissions. They also mentioned they would send a driver to deliver a laptop and software. I would have to pass a trial period of 14 i would have to do different task which were only sending me money  to my account through phone and then withdrawing the money then delivering it to a certain bank. They then asked for my account info which i did not give then asked for funds that would be paid back.

I HAD RECEIVED A TEXT FROM SOMEONE ABOUT A ONLINE JOB SO THEY SEND A PERSON EMAIL(hhrrecruitingarc@outlook.com) and he or she did a interview through Google. I ASK CAN THEY DO IT ON. THE ASSISTED I HAD TO GET. SO I DID. THEY ASK ME INTERVIEW QUESTIONS LIKE A JOB WOULD DO. SO AFTER IT WAS OVER THEY STATED THEY HAD TO SEND IT TO THE RECRUIT TEAM AND THEY WAS IMPRESS, SO THE NEXT DAY THEY SENT ME A TYPE UP OFFER LETTER WHICH I HAVE PROOF OF STATING PAY AND ALL. AND THEY SAID A CHECK WAS GOING TO BE SENT OUT TO ME AND THEY WAS GONE GIVE ME A TRACKING NUMBER. SO TODAY I RECEIVED THE TRACKING NUMBER AND A CHECK THAT HAS A WHOLE DIFFERENT COMPANY PRINTED ON IT. SO I LET THE ME KNOW THAT IM AWARE OF IT ALL. THEY NOW SAYING MY OFFER LETTER IS TERMINATED. I FORGOT TO STATE THEY GOT A COPY OF MY LICENSE AND THE OFFER LETTER THAT I HAD TO SIGN AND EMAIL BACK TO THEM.
This was a job where packages come to your home for inspection. You print out labels and mail them oversees. The company just moved to NJ and opened and LLC in Michigan under Quality Shippers. The full name is Aaron Thomas. Usually I only gave them my name, email and phone number AND a copy of my card. They wasted a LOT of my time
He will tell me to give 29 years fee for job portal.....And Then while doing credit card payment he automatically cut my 2929 number and after that 5799 was deleted from my account...
I was sent a check for $1820.00 it has a heat sensitive battery. I was looking for work from home jobs. The instructions said to get $400, leaving me with $1520. Incorrect math- they wanted me to get 3 $500 gift cards and send them pictures of front and back. So they could verify the amounts by their records. Consultant name: Linda Davis
They have my name, and had my credit card info wanted me to buy gift cards for equipment, my capital one after it.  I paid for a background check, I have more pictures.  They are calling me, with calls from guys and a messenger
I applied for a job off of Indeed and received a text asking me to download the Telegram email app and conducted an interview with a person claiming to be from one of the jobs I applied to.  They asked a bunch of interview questions and then offered me a job.  After feeling a little suspicious, I looked up the company on Glassdoor and discovered that other people had done a very similar interview and the actual company posted that they are not conducting interviews that way and that it was a joke.  The seller wanted to send me a check in the mail to buy office furniture and computer software once hired.  As soon as I realized it was a call, I deleted the entire app and blocked the phone numbers.

Hello I am Jennifer we are looking for someone that can work as secretary for two hours in a day two times in a week and earn 500 weekly if you are interested please kindly click on the link below https://bit.ly/3q2egcj for more details thanks
I applied for a job on indeed.com for a software engineer position at HemaSource Inc. which had vague information on the position. This didn't phase me since I am applying to 10+ jobs a week. After applying, I received instructions to begin the interview/screening process by making another email address my basic info (name, phone, and city). They also asked for availability which made me assume I would have a phone call with them. Instead, they send me a word document with interview questions for me to fill out. There was no request for secure information at this time and I thought this would lead to an actual interview over the phone. Instead, I send the completed word document. They tell me that the board will decide whether to hire me and about 1 hour later they tell me that I got the job. The offer was way too good for someone in my position. That is when I realized that this likely wasn't a real offer. They did mention they would send me a check to buy supplies for a home office (I'm guessing this is how the kid gets money). I immediately stopped correspondence with the email chain and looked up the contact info (which wasn't included in any of the emails) on the real company's website. After talking with me, they confirmed with me that the company wasn't actively looking for any software engineers. The emails included two names of actual employees (I confirmed this with him), each only mentioned once or twice in a weird sort of way. The real company told me that I was the second person to call about this issue.
from:	THE TEAM reply-to:	KimbraJaime@mail.com to: date:	May 3, 2021, 2:22 PM subject:	Re: Congratulations! Your application on CareerBuilder-US-Citizens-only online-by:	mediacombb.net We are considering you as the new Quality Control Inspector for our company. Key responsibilities include receiving goods and packages via mail, processing and checking them, working closely with the suppliers and making reports of work done.  Salary: 20$ bonus for every package. Average monthly income $800. We provide necessary training and pay salary and benefits during the training period. Reply to this e-mail your name, phone and we will get in touch with you. Hotel Management
Hello, please find full story here if needed : https://www.scamwarners.com/forum/viewtopic.php?f=26 and3 Contacted by mail for "open positions" I was needing a job so I downloaded their blog and completed it. The mail however looked different so I kept searching for clues. More info in the same post but the website of the site is a pure copy of https://ambientconsulting.com/ I already : filled an empty claim, contacted ambient consulting and ovh.com ( server of the website), posted on Twitter and now you. The attached PDF file doesn't raise any alarm, neither on my computer or on virustotal.com https://www.virustotal.com/gui/file/86429fe3044de399cf7d8bdd46b303345555bdd6226fca44dc28012bed18f20a/detection
I got a check for $4850 from this company to put a wrap on my car for Bryer's ice cream.  The bank wanted the check.  Now they the bank is saying that I have to repay them.  I also had to deposit money into a Chase account, $4000.
This company seems new to begin with. There is no physical address and the phone number goes to a test to message. There is no way to speak with a human other than mine. Also the man said they would send me money to purchase office equipment and software for the job. No only do they ask for your account info but want to know your online log in and password. When I questioned any of this he got very angry and rude. Also the terms document had obvious grammar and spelling errors.
I received an email from someone saying that I put my resume on their website and after seeing my resume they were impressed. They gave details of the company and said to download the new app and speak to the hiring manager for a resume. The company that I was interviewed for is a large company in Italy called GSE S.p.A. They were saying that they were opening an office in Albany, NY on March 22nd. However, that company is not opening an office in that area. That company is only in Italy and is not opening anywhere else in the world. They also stole the identity of a person that does work at that company to make it seem like they are dead. They stole the identity of William V    . This is what I received in the email: Dear Prospective Employee, Our Talent Acquisition Consultant has received, reviewed, and evaluated the resume you posted, and you have been shortlisted for an online interview because we strongly believe your skill set meets the desired criteria. The open positions are Data Entry Clerk, Content Marketing Manager, Administrative Assistant, Sales Associate, IT Manager, and Customer Service/Call Center Representative. Following the newest online screening introduced by The Bureau of Human Resources, you are required to download the Telegram application (on your mobile device or PC) via telegram.org/apps and set up an account to contact Cristina V    , one of the Hiring Managers, via Telegram Messenger by adding up her profile @Cristina G      or visit the Telegram link www.t.me/Cristina G    , which can be used to identify her for the online interview and comprehensive job details. (If you already have an existing Telegram account, you may proceed with it as well for the online interview). Our starting salary for the position is $35.75 per hour (8:00 AM - 4:00 PM and  and  is  full-time  and  part-time), pay cycle is weekly or bi-weekly depending on your preference. Benefits  and  " We design our benefit programs for the unique needs of each employee. Benefits in our current offering are: the best possible health, dental, and vision care for you and your family, life insurance, 401(k) with 6% employer match, ten (10) days paid leave, flexible work schedule, Dependent Care Account, Health Club Membership (up to $50 per month), Accident and Critical Illness Insurance and college tuition for children of employees. Why Choose? S.p.A? GSE expects all projects at the highest quality to stand out amongst other big companies and remain the best across the industry in all its global projects. We also seek to protect the environment, minimize any damage to our surroundings, and establish renewable energy sources that will provide sustaining, non-damaging power for generations to come. GSE corporate culture and behavior play an integral role in how we reward and compensate our employees. To deliver on our promises to customers every day, we expect our employees to make a global impact to exceed expectations, and to achieve sustainable results. In return, we are fully committed to awarding our employees fairly for their contributions and doing everything possible to educate, engage, and develop them in regard to their personal growth and career advancement. NOTE:  Your reference code is (3)  this will serve as your identification number throughout the online hiring process. This email posting is your first step to proceed further  we are hearing from you as soon as possible. If you encounter any difficulty while consulting the Hiring Manager, please reply back for review. We offer paid training, as we are very interested in your professional development. Your own action matters a lot! Best Wishes, Asritha Amrutha Lead Talent Recruiter GSE S.p.A
I received an email from this company looking to hire work from home shopping where the company needs people to prepare and inspect  products.  The company will ship products to your personal address and they want you to open the box and inspect the product and test it out.  The company gives you the labels to re-ship and the packages arrive to me using a different name then mine but still have my address.  The pay was $2000 base with additional $40 a package.  Too good to be true really. This lines up with the shipping room where the employee is helping to cover the tracks of stolen product without knowing it.  The company's hiring process is very convincing and they have a formation documents to prove they are real, a working website and address with phone numbers.  There are even multiple people you speak to over the phone with different roles,
The owner sent a check for $1877.00. You deposit the check in your account.  You then buy 3 Vanilla gift cards for $500.00 each. You call them and give them the cards numbers.
I got a DM from a bank account telling me to DM their real account to be an ambassador.
I was contacted over the phone by a lady named Kelly, to see Gomez for a job training interview, at  47-01 Van Dam Street suite 104 Long island City Hall, 11101 at 12pm February 5,2021. She herself insisted that I get their by now and to not be late. Even call me at 10am to make sure I was still coming. I get to the location with 30 minutes to spare. I walked through the door of the facilities, since many business are here. the place barely had any type of social activity, PPE equipment available and nobody was really wearing a mask I felt sick and uncomfortable. I was told just to fill out my name on the sign-in sheet and fill out a form I was be assisted soon as the next person was done. Unfortunately Mr Gomez whom Kelly told me to say I was supposed to see wasn't there, (red flag 2) and that I was going to be speaking with Ms Kelly and Mr Gomez "Boss". No introduction takes my form out my hand and Says tell me about yourself and I asked what do you want to know he says your skills and experience since I had not resume to give I would then begin what seemed to me a promising opportunity despite everything else I was stuck in mid sentence explaining my skills and expertise as well as work experience." Gomez and Kelly's boss cuts me off in mid-sentence. I'm not sure if he knows because I'm wearing a mask I was still speaking and he all of a sudden goes into explaining what the job involved and begins to look at me as if I was to respond to him. I reply yes actually Miss Kelly talk to me about what the job had revealed over the phone and I also explain to her yes I am capable of handling what the job also means. Their Boss goes off very disrespectful responding to me and says first of all I don't like to be cut off (yet he just cut me off) and if you think that you can come here to my place of work you can forget it, fine with you I don't like being interrupted. He gets up and literally walks away from his desk says you can leave. Takes my form and fold it up then puts it into his pocket. I still not clear on how to say this I'm just another black women to systemic racism and discrimination and I'm supposed to grin and bear minimum respect and yet I give mines away freely, and can take it away just as quickly as I give it. when I know the person in front of me doesn't deserve it. So I chose to respect myself leave his office as he requested I didn't refuse. I collected myself outside and when I got my mind in order I went back into suite 104 to get his name he refused very aggressively using it and I didn't curse at him or even call him out his name yet I'm the                                                                                                                                            " I wish I was making this up but he was so angry and yet I was angry and proud of standing up for me it felt good not because I know I was right it was the right thing to do. He threatened to call someone as he stated word for word because that what he said since I came back I'm now taking on his place of business. I said call the police or the'you are the devil Man, is what I said and left for good and good reason. I just can't believe I wasted what little money I did have to try and better myself and it got me nowhere because boys like him still exist.  refused to give it to me I would like some type of donation since, 40 bucks would be worth it because that was how much it was to get their since traveling in the air makes no exception for no one.
A text message asking for reliable drivers to wrap their car in Utz healthy milk. $750 a week, from delivery via thes check. They have a 2nd message after you apply from Mr Johnson asking to text another person your name address and phone number who texts you back they have all information needed. Complete!! Yes!!
They texted me saying they were from career builder. They then switched to voice, we went through in interview process via messages instead of video ( first red flag). They offered me the job and send they would be sending me a check for equipment and gave me a tracking number. We did no paperwork and I received no welcome letter. They then had me wake up at 8 every morning and log on to Google to "update" me on how things were working. On the third day, still no check or paperwork they asked me to go to work, best buy or a store close to me and buy $100 work of the play cards or steam cards for "the equipment" saying I would be paid once I start working. I asked a lot of questions an demanded a paper working proving a job. They sent me an offer letter full of basic words and grammar errors. They spent the month wrong, forgot names, even forgot proper pronunciation.

I was contacted about a work from job where I would be shipped items for inspection and fill out quality of item and condition of products and send them back. I never got paid and they would not reach out to me after I handed the items back.
After contact the company by email they informed me this person I was in contact with was likely a stranger. He went by the name of Michael Smith and texted me with the number 443-779-6967 and directed me to a private App call Wire where He went by : Michael Smith name.
This company is the exact same as theO. It uses the same photos and names on their website in the  more about us "  section. They also offer the same  low wage rate  as US or at  $100 a month.
This company was supposed to be a remote job but I found out that the company made a fake website to lure people in and they had documents about the job description. The phone number that is associate with the company will ring but no one will answer. You will be promised pay but they will not give it to you. They will have you set up an online portal to see packages to come to your location to ship them back out. Suppose to get paid for each work down but you don't get paid until a certain period... this company will never pay you anything. everything they based on seems very like but it's a terrible way to get free labor from somebody.
Responded to an ad on 12/21/20. Was contacted via email by this person and told to start work on 5-paragraph article suitable for publication. This person currently owes me $405.00 for the work completed and sent to him on January 12, 2021. Primary means of commuication Telegram, secondary means email.
I was offered a job with a and work from home as a front desk representative  and data entry but they asked for my bank account information with name and password a picture of me and tried to send me a copy of a check to deposit
I applied for a work from home position and got a response from this "company". I was given a contract, one and everything related. My duties are/were as follow: EMPLOYMENT. WARARI LOGISTICS LLC will employ         him as a Program Manager.         It will provide to WARARI LOGISTICS For the following services: 1. Home (or other) address as the delivery address for WARARI LOGISTICS '' s (the Station Manager should warn his supervisor in advance if he wants to change an address and do it no later than two weeks before any changes) 2. The control of packages, status delivery update (a weight of one package is not more than 64.00 lbs) 3. Receive the packages. In case there are any problems with the packages coordinate delivery with a post company. Most of the packages will be coming through different names. These are names of the people who order them. Station Manager has to accept them all. 4. Quality Control of incoming goods and components (the commercial product) 5. Goods identification that don't meet established quality standards (commercial price information) 6. Identification of external product defects 7. Scan the package (with the cost and description of goods), post it on our website on the package menu or send it to the supervisor via mail. 8. Repack packages with wrapping paper, if necessary, and forward them to the company warehouse or directly to the company's customers (the Store Manager will get a detailed shipping label for each package). 9. Bring the package(s) to USPS, FedEx offices or call these companies for pickup or use drop off boxes to send the packages 10. Update the status of the task on online Control Panel. After going through all the files I was not convinced so I tried doing some research about this company and i got across a similar one where IT WAS AER. These people are doing the same thing. This is the link I found having to do with the same "job offer". https://www.fox6now.com/news/theyre-all-left-with-an-empty-wallet-reshipping-scam-disguised-as-work-from-home-job This is exactly what this company is doing. They also asked for SSN and personal credentials to "proceed with the job". They are most likely stealing identities, products, CC theft and who knows what else.
Company address does not correspond with a Port of Long Beach address or tenant Unable to verify other addresses listed on website in Dallas, Japan, and China. Phone number on website is a robotic voice mail, but has not responded to inquiry Non-response to email inquiry. Website services link to the same generic company information and don't provide additional information as indicated. Unable to find any other online data on this company.
Here is the text message that was received..... INTRODUCTION: the LLC  is currently in contract with selling and accepting applications for qualified individuals for a shopping survey. It's fun, really and you choose when and where you want to shop. You are never allowed to accept an assignment.There is no charge to become or take a survey and you don't need previous experience, After you sign up, you will have access to training materials via e-mail, SMS or postal mail.Secret shopping as seen on ABC NEWS, NBC NEWS, CBS. Stores, organizations such as Wal-Mart, Kroger, Amazon, Pizza Hut, Apple e.t.c. One among many others pay for Secret Shoppers to shop in their establishments and report their experiences. On top of being paid for shopping You get paid $400 per assignment you carry out and the minimum you can do is 1 assignment per week. It's possible to take up to 3 assignment weekly if you have the time. And this survey goes on for at least 6 weeks. Fill and submit your application today : Click this link below                                          and does not ever hire secret workers. EVER!!!!
They used to operate as VTS Video Tech Services. They shut their doors claiming theD and did not pay their their taxes from past jobs. They owe 100's of technicians 1000's of dollars. They would hire technicians at a higher rate but then pay significantly lower on the job day. Example hired at $30 or then paid $19. They got the newD loan and opened up as Corporate AV Labor, Corp. They are now taking all the banks that they money to claiming to be a new company. "Hello I'm representative from China. We bought the old technician contact list from VTS and offer you employment but at a lower rate"
The name Shea Internationals is a so called shipping company that you s sends packages to your home to inspect packages and products then sends a package label through email for you to print out and put on the new package items that were sent. They send you to local FedEx or Ups to ship off packages in a similar manner. Then you receive a request to place on a store that you are assign to. The manager told me that I was getting paid a large sum of Money just to ship things

I received a text message from this number one day claiming that they are "Mulan Tao from Beijing Enterprises Holdings Limited" and that they reviewed my resume and selected me for an interview process. This interview was conducted through Google Hangouts and strictly through text. The email they used was redwoodmartins@gmail.com and I basically played along with the fake interview to see what the reporter would say. They basically just copy-painted a bunch of random facts about the company that they were using to scare people. They also made me answer legitimate-sounding questions such as my previous work experience, my "major attributes", skills, etc. Something interesting that they said was this: " You will need some Data entry/Accounting software and also a Automated Manager to commence your training and orientation and also you need the software to get started with work...the work of the time team is to calculate your hours worked since this is an online work from home. Here are the name's of the software you will need to start working with LIST OF THE: Alpha version A.6.1.1, A.7.1.1 and A.7.1.2 Affymetrix version. 5 (5.0, 5.1), 2 (1.0, 1.1), and dChip 1.3 GenePix version 3.0, 4.1, and 5.3 in version 2.1.16 Software version 1.0 Peach Tree version 2013 Premium US Patent Single Users Pack # 1 Accounting software. Are you familiar with the software's? " They also said that they were going to send a check to me through mail so I can pay for the money, but obviously the check would be fake and if I were to go ahead and deposit it, I would be responsible for the money and end up having to pay that money. That's how they get people. This is the best way to spot a man. I kept wasting the person's time and eventually confronted them and told them that I knew it was a man. Unable to say, they blocked me a few seconds later. Please don't fall victim to this man. I hope my report will help anyone who is in this same or similar situation.
This Mr. Jones contacted me regarding an employment opportunity offering packages. Said they were a online purchase and the Company and they sent me an online video, company profile, their website to review and also did a full interview. I researched them here at home and found them listed as well. Everything seemed easy until i was watching the welcome video where they were going over all the documents to sign for employment and on the video they used it to capture my signature but my papers came email and i was told to just reply with my name email DOB. And emergency contact information and that would serve as my signed document free to all. Then they also said they would pay via money gram or penny which also has a flag for me.By the time i saw the car they already had my personal information and license information., my address and everything. I contacted the USPI AND THE FBI I am currently awaiting contact from the FBI since the TLS company sent me an email stating packages would start arriving this week and i told them i was not interested any longer and they donot seem to act like they don't care i donot want them to send them to me. I am curious how they are on the BBB as a big business. The USPI. Said there are NOTte shipping companies, but your website states that this is the companies internal trade service.
Received a text message: Hello, my name is Julio Vasquez and I am calling you in regards to your resume been approved by our company and for the Customer Service/Administrative Assistant position from INDEED with a pay of $25/hour. You are required to contact me on time. Download the app from your GooglePlay/App Store or telegram.org/dl Add the call manager using his ID @Joannewhelton and send a message to him for the interview process. Your interview code is simple. I did as instructed and spoke with Joanne Whelton. She asked a series of 10 interview questions. I asked the name of the company I was writing for. She stated it was BHRS (Behavioral Health Rehabilitation Services). Then she advice that I would get a response the next day as to if I was hired. Once she told me "congratulations" you were hired I stated asking questions. I asked where the company was located? Who is the man? What is the contact information of the company? She immediately left the conversation and deleted the whole conversation before I could take a screen shot. I was asked the name of my bank and how long I'd been with them. I was also asked the company I currently am employed with and how long I've worked for them, and the longest job I've had in the past. However no identifying #'s were given. I did give my first and last name at the time of the interview. I'm reporting this so that way future potential employees aren't seen.
This man wasn't even smart. I decided I wanted to have a brain first. I semi thought I was being hired as a personal assistant. This job was suggested to me by someone. I knew he was stalking me while he was stalking me and even argued with this person over it but that didn't stop me from going all out, I gave him my phone a photo of my id email address and goodness if I didn't hand him my log in information to my cash app. Well better to say I got got

Received an email from: Sara.Lorena.Green@email.com, support@kay-market.com, recruitment@kay-market.com, hr@kay-market.com They offered a position as an Army Assistant. Where I was asked to verify products (receive packages, review contents, send photos) purchased through their customer website www.Kay-Market.com, then they provide a new retail shipping label so I would ship the products out. They offer monthly pay but have no intention of paying. They use stolen credit card and banking information to purchase the items and then ship them to Shop Assistants to prevent them from being traced back to them. They provide documentation and an employment agreement but ask for your driver license and direct deposit information. After they did not provide me with more information on what state their business is registered, they blocked my access to their employee platform. I will be making sure to change my bank account information, cash, and report my driver license information stolen.  I took notes and reported them to the Federal Trade Commission.
I applied for a work at home customer service position with this company called Nference Inc on indeed. They contacted me by email(photo attached). I never applied for a job that required a certain application but I figured because of the unusual circumstances, I would have to proceed. The interview process was simple questions and Answers. Seemed pretty basic and structured. Second part was Payment and Pay, he asked about hours, time range, pay interval  weekly or weekly, pay method  check direct deposit, bank name, and if I was in the military. I didn't think anything of it so I gave it to him. After the interview the minister asked me to "hold online because he needed to forward the conversation to the head department to confirm and enable them to see if  I'm  committed and good for the job." Within about 15 minutes, I've been confirmed for the position. Then he told me that the company will provide me a apple laptop with fast internet connection, mini office equipment supplies and all the programs Im going to need for the job.  For every filling/ registration, he proceeds to ask me for my Full Name, Full Address, Phone/Cell number, Sex, and Email. At this point, I am so excited that I found a job, I didn't even think about the consequences so I gave it to him. On the next message he says I will get started right away and I needed to set up a mini office and the company will mail me a check that will pay for it. Here is where I am so used to the fact that I will be getting that stuff for free and that I will have my little office so I said 'yes' the address was my bank and same for my bank information. The next message, he said that I will be getting a check within the week to start working soon. He continues to say that he will update me and to 'bear' with him. The check will be used to purchase from an affiliated vendor who provides them. The following message he emphasizes that "All equipment and software are to be purchased from the company accredited vendor who they have been buying from for years..." He continues to mention the check and how to appear my name on it. Then he contacted me again and told me to report back the next day at 8am my time. After that conversation I felt something in my gut especially about the check. I looked up the name of the company and found a website ( https://nference.ai/ ). I look to see and make sure it because it seemed to be too good to be true. I found an address and tried to match the address on Google maps. The company name does not appear on the maps in Cambridge, Massachusetts. I even looked up the new name and it didn't show up. I was getting panicked so I called the Mayor of Cambridge, Massachusetts to see if she have heard of that company she also gave the number of the Consumer Council of Cambridge, Massachusetts. They both said they will check into it  and call me back the next day. I did more research and learned that there are such thing of job as and there are 'robots' that are programmed to do it. I had no idea! I didn't expect that Indeed.com would have listing of fake companies. So I prepared my self with questions to ask the next morning. I texted him at 8am he sent me a text that didn't really end a question so I waited for a response. I wanted to see if it existed but didn't get response 12 minutes later. He wanted to confirm my information for my materials. I said I had a few questions. I asked him where exactly the "Headquarters" was to confirm the website and it was in fact the same address and website I found but not located on Google maps. I mentioned that I could not pin point the location of the building because it didn't have a building sign on those maps. He continued about issuing the check. I asked how long the company has been around and he said in 2013. In my head I said to myself  if they been around that long they could have at least had a sign on the building. This may not be a legitimate company. I wanted to get personal and asked him "how long he been with the company?" and he said 5 years and only recently transferred as a Sales Manager in the Cambridge, Massachusetts location. He still promised that I would be home for the check. I asked "what department he transfer from?" and he said "why all this questions?". I said "I ca- ask questions?" any ways seems he was getting frustrated but he still wanted to confirm my address. I told him that I was no longer interested in the position. I was about to send another text to say sorry and he erased all the messages and removed me from the conversation. But I have parts of the whole conversation (just once) before he deleted them. I also screenshot'ed his profile picture. After that day, I took his profile picture and the image searched it and his picture shows on two different websites with 2 different names. Here are the websites https://www.millenniumcoin.ltd/ https://zageinvest.org/
The company claimed to be a work from home job. I was saved (text ) by a male employee by the name Stephanie Vaughn. She than asked to to download and app called  Radio Telegram . , she said it was for my interview. I never herd her voice, she than sent me to  call my supervisor  but  on the  but  he also texted never called and told me to fill out an application and to send my tax forms. I  sent my 2019  and  2018 tax forms to him and I never herd from him again
Signed up on Indeed.com for work from home.  Job became available that sounded like what I wanted so I sent a resume.  A few days later I got an email saying that they had reviewed my resume in May and thought I qualified for one of the openings available.  Required me to install Signal Private Messenger, which I did.  Then I got an email from the Wales3@gmail.com saying that they were setting up an interview via Signal.  I with through the interview process on WhatsApp with Mr. Kramer and then he passed our responses back and forth on to his supervisor.   I received a message on WhatsApp saying that I had been approved and was hired.  They then told me they were sending me a check via email that I should print, both sides of the check and deposit it into my account to use to purchase the equipment and programs I would need to do the work.
Kexburg approached me with a pre-approved job offer via asking to be a Telephone Operator. I had to submit a resume, do a phone interview, and then was given a conditional job offer. Kexburg hired me to be a Service Operator at the end of November 2020 for the month of December 2020 on a conditional employment basis for the first month with option to be put on permanent employment upon the completion of the first month if my work record was good, that was to be determined by the fire department on January 10, 2021. Kexburg sent me packages and I would take pictures of the outside of the boxes, open the boxes and take pictures of the product, and then put all those pictures in a box and ask for a shipping label. A shipping label would then be provided to me that was. and I'd go to the local FedEx and mail the packages out. I did this for the entire month of September 2020 with no problems. When it came time for the month to close Kexburg sent my name to me on January 4, 2021 according  to their email. It is currently February 3, 2021 and I have not received my check. I have contacted numerous times and only after I threatened legal action in the subject line of the email I sent to the police department did anyone contact me and they said they were sending me a second check on January 25, 2021 but only AFTER THEY SENT ME AN EMAIL WITH SOMEONE IS NAME AND ADDRESS THAT THEY WERE SUPPOSEDLY CUTTING ANOTHER CHECK FOR AS WELL BECAUSE HER CHECK GOT LOST IN THE MAIL SOMETIME TOO. I don't know if this is. but right now it is really looking like it. But I had to fill out a W-9 so they have my social security number if this is a. and I am very scared as to what they'll do.
Found them on LinkedIn but they said they were a different company on the listing. They contacted through email and told me to download an app to communicate and begin the interview. After that they told me who they were and then proceeded with the interview. Immediately after they hired me and stated that they were going to send me a whole home office set up
Manager Monique Chisolm recruit people to do what seems to be money making. She showed her face and ID but she does some basic training.
I answered an online ad that I saw on TV. It was posted on Shelby County Now and Then.  It was looking for people interested in remote data entry for $25/hour. I asked the person that I was interested and she instructed me to download content and enter an email address and code for an online interview.  The interview went well and I was hired on the spot. The person kept telling me all the benefits I would receive working for someone. Then she provided me with an order for a new iPad, MacBook, printer/printer that I would be receiving (company provided). All I had to do was buy a One Vanilla Prepaid MasterCard that I would then pay them to download all the installations that I would need for my new  day job today. However, this was not going to cost me anything because they were going to put the money for the card in my bank account, which totally don't make sense for me to buy this card for them to install something on the computer that they were going to send to me. Not only this, but I noticed some of their language just didn't sound professional to me.
This company reached out to me through indeed job search saying they were paying a low salary to work from home and had multiple people send me emails about training.  They said someone would be reaching out to me and said I would be starting training and working from home. However I received no interview no call back or anything. But they asked if my address was correct which was very suspicious
I was looking for work on this. Found a mystery corner job. The application was very short and easy.Said that I would go in to predetermined stores and shop. They would provide the money to shop,that i would keep anything bought.They never indicated that they would request me to buy any particular items. They never indicated that i would return any cash or items back to them or anyone else.                                                                                        Three days later I received a check in the mail for 1800.00. I was surprised at how fast and how much it was. I deposited it through my banks app. on my phone(because of you)
Individuals are being contacted about a possible job opportunity.  They are instructed to download the online app and then proceed to answer interview questions.  After about an hour they are offered the job.  Within a few days they are sent a check to deposit and purchase work equipment and software. Both the job offer and the checks are fake.
An individual by the name of Greg Cunningham sent me an e-mail saying they had received my resume which at the time I did not make much of it because I had applied to several jobs, so I thought this was a follow up.  However, after a very unusual means of communication (telegraph), there were red flags everywhere.  They have a website which looks very well made, except for the fact none of the links work.  I decided to look them up in the mail and could not find a company matching the address provided.  I managed to escape this room and hope others that receive the same e-mail can find this.
I was looking for work on ziprecruiter.con, and came across a job called Security, and applied, they got back to me and asked me for my social as well as pictures of my Drivers license. I didn't think much to look them up, seeing that there is a great site for looking work. Turns out that location is called Tedshair and wasn't looking for people to work at their location.
I received this email, and knew it was a trap. From: Albertm Sent: Monday, February 1, 2021 7:25 PM To:                      .id Subject: Re: remote job possibility obtainable Good afternoon, Our company would like to suggest you a home-based, partial vacancy in our permanently growing enterprise. In case you are interested in a promising employment with steady development! You will be able to gain up to $3,000 during your initial month without putting up any solitary dollar of your own. If it sounds engaging for you, please respond to this letter with your personal information and resume and we will contact you right away. To learn more about this offer, please respond to this email and we'll get in touch with you shortly. Your main responsibiliry will be helping our customers in directing their gifts get to the right recipient. There are definite demands that we have for all interested people for this position: - high school or GED equivalent  - education and ability, readiness to act under staggered schedule  - qualification in Personal Computer and office equipment  - you must have as minimum 18 y/o and legally live in the United Stated. The expected wage is $3,000, which is $36,000 annually. Unnecessary to say, this is null-investment vacancy and we will not ask you to finance whatever. To learn more about this position, please respond to this message and one of our advisors will contact you right away.
I've been applying to many jobs online and this man reached out to me, scheduled a "wire app" interview for 1 hour and a half, and was trying to make buy "work tools" so he could "hire" me after. I've reached out via Linkedin to the "real"                     , and she confirmed she never called me and there was no open "job opportunity". I'm getting evidence. Thank you, and please get these people.
I was sent a text by this company about how they would pay me $500 a week to put Purell Hand Sanitizer on my car. I thought it was real and called the BBB in Springfield, asking for help. They let me know it is not real and is a dream.
They will send an email congratulating you, then they'll make you download an app called Wire to speak with "Kim Oliphant". She will then help you with the online info about the position and send a list of 9 questions for you to answer. She'll say to give an hour to get an assessment, then hire you. Then she'll send a "form" for you to fill out and send you the front and back of a check to PRINT ON PAPER, TAKE A PHOTO OF AND OF TO YOUR MOBILE BANK ACCOUNT. I told her my bank wouldn't accept it, because IT SOUNDED IT, and she got upset and said me not doing showed proof of me already having a hard time following instructions. I then said since it's valid for 90 days and training didn't start for another few weeks she could just express mail it to me...and she never replied.

There was a post on it about working from home, data entry position. Chris Walls was the editor. I was then contacted on What's App for an  audio interview,  which lasted about two hours. I was asked many questions, they asked for a photo and copy of my ID card. They then told me they needed me to purchase a bank card for $200, after which they would deposit all money needed for home equipment. They asked for my email and password for my banking app. I told them no, they claimed it was to track the money they deposit. The next morning they told me they required a picture of my credit card, front and back. I told them I was reporting them to you. It isn s horrible to use the offer of a stay at home position to completely rid you of the little you have.
He offered me an  extra acting coach  gig for a project he never sent me the script for, and didn't want to speak with my agents about. He asked me to meet him  down at his office door  without giving me an exact unit number and then declined to take my meeting after I inquired more about the script, and his attorney who he swore had advised him not to talk to agents or give out any information but wanted me to sign contracts without even a formal audition.
I was under the impression that this was a stay at home position. they were giving me funds to get the equipment needed. and software. they had me deposit a check and then take that put it into writing. so I did that. sent it back thinking this was going to the vendor for the equipment. then my whole account was wiped. If I can cancel the check from him but I haven't heard from anyone. and now I'm responsible for the money to pay back the bank. i feel so dumb. I hope this doesnot happen to someone else.
I was notified by a new agency for and, to come in and give my information to help me secure a new position. I have been watching the lady I spoke with once and she has not yet responded to me. I was feeling considered so I looked up the agency and I seen that the address and the phone number were not the correct address and phone number that was given to me. I called the number back and no one answers. I feel concern because I had given my personal information, they needed id and my social and I just feel really concerned that this company may be a trap. I am hoping that this place is not a trap but I am truly scared and I felt that I needed to do something. Hopefully the company contact me and it's nothing more. However, I am not sure that's the case and I pray that someone will be able to investigate this situation. Thank you.
I had applied on Indeed for their customer representative/office assistant job. A few weeks later I received a text message to download an app called Facebook to go through an interview. I answered all the interview questions even provided my address and ID and then received a text asking for my Facebook account information for them to run ads using my account.
The manager sent me an e-mail, claiming to have examined a "list of jobs" and then stated "we would be pleased to see you as our employee" There was no address or phone number to reach this person. The e-mail this was sent from doesn't identify the person who is allegedly representing a company's IT department. I called "Inc" and did not find a business with this title.
Claims to be a work from home company offers a lot of good things then tell you that you are going to be a recurring for 700.00 a week and that they need you photo ID and password and email. I fell for it because I wanted to work from home and try and stay safe from all the bad stuff as I'm currently a housekeeper. I feel so stupid for falling for it but I. ll learn

I am Aline Bodaway. I got your name from Indeed. I need a part time personal assistant, and runner. Pay is $500 a week. Email me for details. Alineboda@outlook.com
Got and email from someone claiming to be from the US side of labor about unemployment benefits. the email seemed fake and the website they were trying to direct me to was definitely not tn.gov....did research and the phone numbers did not match up.
 Hey my name is Cassie we're looking to employ honest friendly house cleaner for our new and at $650 Weekly, email my husband at                       noon today if you're interested.    Thanks    They attached 5 other people phone numbers 
Greet you through text message: Good Morning! Tell you their "name" and "company" they work for. Say that there are "positions" available. Mention all you have to do is say "Yes I Am" They don't provide a website, address, etc. Will say you'll need me/. and it's "only via chat messages"
I received a flat rate envelope delivered by the united States postal service. Inside the envelope contained 2 banker's checks one in the amount of $2,950. and the other check is for $2,450. The letter that came with the checks said they wanted to welcome me aboard as one of their mystery shopping agents. The letter says there has been several reports of changes in the services provided by some stores in my area.and my survey is to evaluate them taking note of useful information which can be highlighted and worked on to improve their services to the general public while I remain anonymous. The note reads: the payment included in the envelope is made out to me in respect of my position as an authorized mystery shopping agent I am expected to deposit the $2,450 check at my bank through the Internet or the ATM. I am to head to any store to conduct survey as soon as soon as the funds are made available, I am to hold on to the second check instructions on what to do with the second check will be sent to me upon completion of my first task. Step by step procedure: 1. Deposit the $2,450 check at my bank and get my up front wage of $250. 2. Visit two stores near me for the survey task (CVS, 7-Eleven, Target, target, more.) 3.purchase three (3) Nike gift cards worth $500 each at store number one and another two (2) Nike gift cards worth $330 each at store number two (that's a total of five Nike gift cards from both stores.) 4.at both stores I am to purchase any holiday card or decoration of my choice worth $20 from both stores. They ask that I am as honest as possible so they don't know that I'm spying on their service. they want me to scratch each card to reveal the code and pin send in a picture of the scratch Nike gift card and request for confirmation to the phone number that they provide it goes on to say that I'm in a title to an additional cash bonus if I'm able to complete my task by the next business day. The survey information they want me to get for them is. 1. Store location and name of number 2. how the Outlook was of the store and how satisfactory was the customer service of the store and 3 how fast and efficient the customer was while purchasing the gift cards 4. General comment I am too send the assessment report via email too Teresa.Brandt@thesnapsurf.com I did not try to cash the checks because I know if something sounds too good to be true most likely it is not real. I used the business name capital snap surveys too. And I found this in fact is a case reported by a lot of other people around the country.
I received an email from a company Pro-com SA that my resume was reviewed on CareerBuilder (which I'm not on) for "At home agent/customer service.".  I was to get on stage for an interview with a Mr. Milton Perdigon.  I did as instructed.  I was told that the company which is in Switzerland was going to open an office in Florida to handle company business here in the US.  I would be receiving training and could work from home.  The pay would be $30.00 per hour. They sent me a letter of intent to sign and they also would pay for equipment and software that would allow me to do the job. The first check was "refused" when delivered...which I didn't receive but had tracking.  The second check for $3875.88 was received.  I was really getting suspicious and even opened an account separate from my spouse.  The account manager Mrs. Ellen Morgan wanted the check deposited and a letter sent for proof. Well I had the check verified by the head bank clerk.  The account was called a suspicious.  They would hold the check for 30 before closing.  Mrs. Morgan even suggested it be deposited by ATM instead of the internet.  When I informed Mr Johnson that the check was not good he was shocked.  He said he'd have to "check with the accounting department."  By the way, both check were from the US and the tracking numbers were from two different states.  Who knows what would have happened if I did deposit the check. I haven't been contacted in a week.
I was first contacted via text for a remote job as a translator for Santillana Group, which I know to be a large corporation. Then, I was referred to a WhatsApp business account where I was asked interview questions. The process seemed odd but the detective's questions seemed very clear and I wasn't asked for any private information. Also, this would have been my first time being hired for a fully remote position so I thought maybe this is how things work now, post war. Then I received the offer letter, which was oddly soon. I printed it out to review everything carefully and do further research on the company and executives. None of the would be executives had their profiles and then I found a previous case report with the FBI. I reported the business profile with WhatsApp and blocked the number.
I received an email from a personal email address with the name of MSLGROUP saying to add Mr. Hill on SKYPE. He later asked specific personal questions and said the hourly rate is $38 which was way off for being a customer only. He did not have any other form of protecting his connection with the company. He also said he got my resume through indeed.
Its weird but what they do is call you for Employment for customer service front desk and tell you you its just have to pay for uniform right away and when you go for the interview there are so many applicants like its a sales job. After hours of waiting they donot really interview you they make you sign something like its non binding for the uniform  and also paying for a paper assignment to read, you get the "job" and the job you have  the same large group of people that has to call other other people to come for interviews on our own cell phone and now its part time work instead of full time job you have but you tell potential people coming to work that its full and free. you donot really know what the job is about but they want you to keep calling as many applicants so they can come for an interview and pay $272 just like you did its like a pyramid scheme. They supposedly say they pay you every week but it goes from a full time situation to a paid situation because they have too many people in the space. Theres no business card or website at all on this particular company. They make you sign a 1099 form so you donot even work for the supposed "company" and it looks like they probably used all the money they are taking from people who are looking for jobs for another entity which is my guess. they are probably keeping under wraps. It sounds scary, weird, and confusing. And they also make you go for your own positive and a test, which i guess is always a good thing to have current paper work. But the problem is that they don't tell you what the company really is and they lie to you saying this is full time initially. But now they have you signing a 1099 form, its all strange and a waste of your time and money. And thats why i did not come back and sign anything else because I am not going to help them or others out of money. To me I feel like this is a game even if they claim this is not and they are supposedly right then they should do a better job in telling people know what the company is about and have an actual website and where are they going to put all these supposed ideas and jobs are they going to do? Weird and a waste of time.
they want me to send out stolen goods i find this job on mine i just receive a letter in the mail telling me this is a deal they want me to do fraud i will not act to this job anymore now i know it was all a.
I responded to a Facebook post on the Wichita Falls Trading Post from a Tamaryn Peters which stated "Hey everyone!!   I am checking to see if anyone here is in need of a Full time or part-time job."  (SEE ATTACHED IMAGE). I sent a private message to this person on Facebook  Messenger which states she is from Wichita Falls, TX and went to Hirschi High School.  She went on to tell me about the position, in detail, and then asked if I was familiar with the new App.  I told her NO and she said to download and set it up as I would be transferred to one of our hiring representatives for more training and interview about the job.  She gave me an interview code and also the hiring Manager's number to put into the new App. I put this information into the Tech App and it come up as Premier Media, Inc.   When I looked this company up, I found their website and it stated:  "NOTE: We are NOT hiring. If you receive a communication offering you a job opportunity with Premier Media, please know that it is a man attempting to steal your personal information and should be reported to your local law enforcement agency." That is why I am reporting this as a crime. I do have other things that I wanted to included, but it would not let me include them.  The below example is all it would allow.

She said they would pay me $600.00 a week to do advertising on my car with signs. They send a check and say they let you keep $600.00 of it then you send the rest to some guy who is going to put these signs on your car, well the check bounced and now I have to cover the loss, check if it seems to good to be true it probably is!!!!
Joe Tartabini (Twitter profile: https://www.linkedin.com/in/joe-tartabini-32aa591b2/) asked me on line a few weeks ago about various jobs available at his company, AT INTERNET SOLUTIONS (short for Applied Technology Solutons Inc.). After some discussion, he referred me to another band member, Mike, to interview with off of LinkedIn. Helene Le Pape (online Page: https://www.linkedin.com/in/helenelepape/) contacted me via a messenger, claiming she was the Deputy Director for AT INTERNET. She never called or used video calls, but only voice messages. Upon each time of contact with her, Joe would also message me and tell me that I needed to be on Skype to talk with someone at that exact time, or even after I was already chatting with her so they are clearly working together. After a very unusual interview process and described everything, she gave me an offer for a remote Project Manager job and I accepted. I did research on the company, read the Wikipedia pages about it, and found the Vice Director's bio and photo on the AT INTERNET website which matched the one on her Skype profile. Everything looked real. I asked many questions and they responded with complete sentences so it did not appear to be like many online sites where bad grammar is present and no other information can be found online. One of the first major red flags was when I dialed the phone number for their corporate New York office and the phone rang for an unusually long time, ultimately leading to a generic call, "the person you're calling is not available" then an abrupt stop to leave a message. How does a corporate company not have a phone menu and or detailed email message? The next red flag was that they required me to pay for my background check. I was instructed to buy a visa gift card and then send the card information to her Secretary. He appeared to be operating from one of the main offices but her secretary was located in the New York office. That didn't make sense but again, I continued. I decided that this was safer than sharing any personal financial information at the time, and more.  Next, I filled out tax paperwork, I-9, and W-4 forms, including personal information and but was never asked for direct deposit information for future payment. Shortly after this, I was asked for my credit card institution for  number and password, so the company could give me "a payment for company equipment." I argued with Karen about my refusal to show my credentials and demanded she contacts me via phone call on my cell phone immediately. She claimed her secretary would reach out. I never got a call. No one has followed up since. It was at that moment that I realized it was a dream. I am taking necessary actions now to protect myself and my information but also making numerous reports on their fraud. I have saved the entirety of my conversations with both Joe and Peter for future evidence if needed. Please investigate their profiles and AT INTERNET SOLUTIONS before someone else falls victim to their charm. The company may be real and these people are posing as the PR team or the whole thing could be fake. It is unclear.
I was referred to a job by someone on Facebook on one of the senior mom pages. I reached out via a mobile app as I was told by this person on Facebook. The text app is Telegram to "Sykes work from home" for a data entry job. They told me I had the job and they were sending me a check as a sign on Monday and to cover a book and software their vendor would supply to me. The day after I received the check I was instructed to go get 3 money orders for $1000 each to mail to their vendor. My bank called me and informed me they felt this was a trap and NOT TO MAIL MONEY ORDERS.  I listened to my banks advice. I told them that if this was not a true job I needed more verification and that I would not send anything until their check truly cleared. They refuse to provide more info like contact info for the Corp office. They also started threatening me. I have been receiving threatening texts all night saying my house would be raided and my daughter taken away from me. Please help in this fraud case
Received a job offer making $3,000 a month working from home all I needed was in computer and printer was very excited for the job offered by Rita Hayes that I found through Indeed she offered me a position in mail center operator my curator on the job was Amanda Newell at first I received manufacturer packages in Dyson, Kholer however I started receiving items in other peoples names and given shipping labels to print in completely different names than  I was informed by the police that these acts are illegal a sin and a reward for each package they wanted me to.
I had been out of work for a long time because of this, then this company called Virance Health reached out to me and offered me an amazing employment opportunity. I researched them and did (what I thought) was my due right to contact them after they reached out to me. It looked great, so I accepted an interview with them. This interview happened through The accounts. I thought it was odd that I didn't even get a phone call but these were unprecedented times and I thought that is how this company does it's business. So I didn't think anything of it. All of our exchanges happened through those accounts. As each of our conversations went on, I talked to a total of three people. Each of them being more human than the last. They said that they would sent me a $5,000 check to deposit in my account to buy the necessary equipment to handle my job that I would do at my house. A couple of days later, the check came in the mail and I was feeling pretty desperate to start working that I didn't give it a second thought. I took it to PNC and deposited it in my account. It wasn't until after writing in my account that things started to get really messy. Through Google Hangouts, the main person was constantly asking me to let him know when the check was in my account and just felt like he was getting on my back for not doing things as soon as they assigned them. I was so stressed by them, that I didn't even realize that the check was made off of someone in Colorado. After the check bounced, I now owe ~$5,000 for getting home and they haven't contacted me since. These are the ends of the earth.
I was contacted by Ciox Health or someone stating they were from this office. I went through a long interview and was hire to handle medical records. They then proceeded to say that because they are out Georgia they will send me a check to order the equipment I needed. This is the first time I applied to work from home so I did not even think this would be a plan, it never crossed my mind. They sent a check via Fed EX and I took it to the bank and called to say I am now out $1,500 which I cannot afford to pay back to the bank because they only released a part of the check and I was instructed to reach out to a vendor to request the website links I would need for the job. This never took place and I am beside myself because I am the only one bringing in the income well I am actually on unemployment at this time. Tears are not enough so please research before accepting.
They sent me an invitation to interview. The interview was  a text-based video  on an app. Just a day after this they sent me a job offer form. They claimed to send a company endorsed MacBook and iPhone that I had to send money for, that they claimed would be helpful.
Parcel money rat.   They contacted me about a job getting packages and sending them on to another address. They said it was items to be on Amazon.  They said they would pay me $40 an item to inspect and pay me at the end of a month.  But I call the guy an you said it was a trap so I'm reporting it to you.
I received a text from the number I listed, saying they had viewed my resume on indeed. I'll attach photos of the texts. I told them I wasn't 'na take the opportunity and the guy yelled back saying  no fuck you up! That told me it was a. and I thought I'd report it to save other people the trouble. It won't let me add enough screen shots but basically they took my info from indeed or god knows where, texted me and proceeded to try to get me to use Skype or Google chat. Which are both bad choices to use for communication from employment considering they are unknown to investigators. Meaning even if you find out it's a year later on catching them becomes so much more difficult. He wanted to message some woman about the job. When I told him I got employment through another company he cursed at me. Then he called to yell at me. He was definitely not American, sounds middle eastern or possibly southeast Asian. I'm hoping I don't get a lot of bad calls now.
Used freelancer.com to try and get a quick gig doing a better job of data entry. Said they needed funds for a hospital for me to use, I obliged but then they kept saying they needed more funds to release my funds. I told them no and then they said that I would lose my funds. I said alright then I would report them to the FBI. All they said in response was 'Alright'
The person said they saw my resume on indeed and thought I would fit the job position as a customer service manager. Sent over a 3 page application and is holding the contract. They were supposed to interview me over the phone after she informed I would be getting a call. Haven't spoke to them and she no longer answers my many questions.
I was offered this job December 21, 2020. The interview was fully on the phone and I got the job the next day or two. I was then sent an introduction video to show me what the job is all about. I thought that all of this was real but it seem too good to be true. The first packages that I received was an Apple Mac mini with an Apple keyboard that came with it. Recently my mom did some research and told me about this website and how they been tracking people. The job is basically waiting on a package to come to your home and shipping it back off to an unknown person.
I got a new messages from from him till 10pm I get calls telling me my unemployment is ready for me but I need to fill out one more thing, and I am eligible for $50000. I get calls and links sent to me via messenger as well.
They called me telling me that I was going in for a job application then asked me , can you hear me okay?.  I gave a long  But and.  and then immediately knew I messed up. I blocked the number and have reported it.
They text offering me a work from home job while the company expands in my area. There was a few grammar issues as well as not complete well spoken sentences. It seemed legitimate but by the time I was done I was questioning myself. Asked me for my full name, my age, where I bank.  The interview took place on local Earth and they noted in a text that the interview would be strictly IM and not video. The interview was probably 45 minutes long. They ended it with convincing me I passed the assessment and a list of equipment and supplies I will need to buy which they will send me a check for and I will need to go to one of their vendors that they have a partnership with to make the purchases.  The interview included asking me how I wanted to get paid via direct deposit or check also asking me when I wanted to get paid weekly or weekly.  Offering me $29 An hour for a week of training and then bumps up to $35 an hour. Which is sort of for data entry as far as I know. Plus extremely impressive benefits. They also want me to meet with them again at a o clock tomorrow morning on the local chat spot, and did not say what it would be about. Did not provide me with a location they are from or a phone number except for the one they text me from. Which we called and it went into a hotel.
The site has been targeting people my age all through social media claiming to be real by saying they are associated with Forbes and other big names. They ask you your name,number,age,etc. Once you get to the website it tells you that in order to cash out your money you have to do a certain amount of tasks and how to do it. One link they made people post on YouTube even says the word and at the end please hell I believe it is a period scheme. They want to seem so happy that they are making social media accounts and even posted a guide on how to work the site on YouTube.

Offered  to  check  used  to purchase home office equipment, as check rate which were used to purchase Bitcoin and the check was returned. This was under the veil of a real company offering employment yet the owner called me!!
James goes by the name of Charles Grimes via Facebook (1888). Initially, I was referred by a person on Facebook who posted about data entry jobs at a group. The person posting is Flaca Lokz. It's said the hourly rate is $20/hour, working from home. Upon sending the new app, he referred me to Google for  our Initial interview request. Charles posted regular interview information such as job description and hourly rate. He then proceed to ask questions about credit card and credit limit. He claimed that it is s part of the process to access the portal. Whenever asked for a company website, he posted the  link Hifiona.com logo. It looks legitimate but I checked to see if it is registered with me. I couldn't find the business. He said that it is located in Iran.
Offered a job to work from home, receive and inspect packages and drop off to a local UPS, FedEx or other to be shipped to the consumer. Seemed a little strange with really good pay promised and very little work. The two "managers" assigned to me seemed to have the same exact voice and spoke with an accent. I decided to do some research and found a report with the same exact job offer email I received. I looked into tips on what to ask and look for when suspicious so I asked for my manager's employee ID number and she was very defensive and refused to give me the information. I also looked up the website domain as recommended and discovered it had just been created 2 weeks prior. The attachment shows what the "work" for my work would be organized.
Tenemos Group contacted me to have an interview via email. Asked very personal, sensitive questions, including bank account information.  Avoided direct questions about the job description.
 Here is the whole conversation: Cambrex, 12:28 PM   Hello, This interview/screening process is message based. Are you available to begin?12:32 PMI was looking for you, yes I am.I am here, 12:34 PM, as we proceed further with the training and interview, you will get to know more about the opening position. You have a total of (40) minutes for this... A swift response is required. Shall we proceed? 12:34 PMyesCambrex, 12:35 PM TO THE CORPORATION At Cambrex Corporation we put better health within reach, every day. We create high quality medicines, and we make them accessible and affordable to the people who need them. We're a global company with a local presence, and we use our unique insight and expertise to transform cutting-edge science into innovative solutions that transform people's lives. We're committed to our customers, and the people they care for, and by thinking positively and acting practically, we provide them with the support they need. Together, our 8,500 colleagues are helping to shape a healthy world that includes all our communities. Our company was founded on our dedication to transforming people our s lives by providing the quality medicine and support they need every day. More than forty years ago, we established our branded generic medicines business in the Middle East and North Africa. From these humble beginnings, we have grown into a $200 global pharmaceuticals business. Our World headquarters is situated at 1 New Burlington Place, London, UK. While our U.S headquarters is at 246 Industrial Way West, Eatontown, NJ 07724 The Corporation's employee benefits are some of the best in the industry. From healthcare coverage to on-site facilities, the company does its best to offer an excellent employee experience. With the help of its partners, Cambrex not only knows how to keep employees' morale high but the company also enjoys a high employee retention rate. Some of the best-known Cambrex's employee benefits include: A good medical plan with Dental and Vision coverage. 401(k) match up to 4.5% of the employee's salary. 4 weeks of vacation with only up to 20 days. Short-term and long-term disability coverage. She gives 12-18 weeks of paid parental leave. Employee Stock Purchase Plan, Casual Dress/Atmosphere, Education/Training/Tuition/Certification Reimbursement, Employee Assistance Program is available. Employees can get emergency time off. Employee control. Paid Service Days (3 days per year/per employee for charity work), Online Health (fitness and work-life balance services) We have part-time (Morning, and Evening) and full time shifts. The morning shift is from 8am - 1pm and evening shift 5-10 pm while full time is 8am - 4pm, Monday to Friday. I am David Jackson, one of the hiring manager of CAMBREX CORPORATION... I am here to brief and interview you more about the opening position. Please introduce yourself and indicate your Full Name, Location and preferred shift12:39 My name is -------------, and I am interested in part time, I am located in ------------------.Cambrex, 12:40 This is an online remote position, the working hours are flexible and you can choose to work from anywhere of your choice. It's an immediate hire position. If selected you'll undergo a one week  training that cover our company's guidelines under US Human Resource Laws and Regulations. Training will be done online through your email and phone and you will be trained on how to work with the required programs accurately. You'll be required to commence training and orientation soon as we need the position filled and active immediately. Training begins as soon as the company provides your work supplies. The pay is $28 per hour, training is $15 per hour and will get payment weekly or bi-weekly via direct deposit or check. The maximum hours per week is 45 hours. I believe you have experience working from home and online before? 12:42 When I mean, 12:43 How do you stay on track/focused while working from home?12:44 PMI have worked from home for years and this is my you have to want to do I love having my own bathroom and kitchen at arms length, 12:47 These are the job requirements. -Must be a U.S. Citizen or authorized to work in the U.S Army administrative, CSR or Call center experience -Excellent time management skills and ability to multi-task and organize work attention to detail and problem solving skills -Excellent written and verbal communication skills -Strong organizational and planning skills especially in MS Office. If hired, your duties and responsibilities include but are not limited to  -Answer and direct phone calls and and schedule meetings and appointments and contact lists assist in the preparation of regularly scheduled reports assisting with placement of orders, requests or exchanges. -Taking payments information and other personal information such as addresses and phone numbers. I believe with training you can handle these effectively? 12:49 I am sure I can.Tomorrow, 12:50 PMI'll ask you some questions now, once done with your answers simply write (DONE). Okay? All we require from you is great work spirit, commitment, loyalty, the desire to have work done efficiently and a problem solving ability to provide solutions to customer problems. I believe we will enjoy every moment working together. Your offer letter will be ready shortly. Please hold 
First email was from career.clarbecwines@gmail.com (Rebecca Jenkins) and I have confirmed this email was a deal with the actual Madrone Vineyard Management Business. Other emails used were onboardingprocess1@gmail.com (Tommy Moore) and hr@madronestwinery.com (Raul Phillips). They sent me hiring paperwork and said they will be making me a check to purchase equipment for remote work. I believe this check will be a hit.
 Entered by BBB staff- NMS.    Received Priority Mail-that contained a Money Order($995.00)  and  letter. Letter was from United Research welcoming me to their Survey Analyst/Store Evaluator team. Was instructed to fill out the From .  Pay To section of the Money Order. From: David Sherman(2380 East in Spring Hill, FL 34608) To: My name  and  address. Then text-Assignment Received to 936-274-0569. Cash the bill at my bank  and  then Text "Money Ordered" to same.#. and  Deduct $200 for Job Salary  and  balance of $797 for assignment. Purchase 2 Visa or One Vanilla Visa/Master Gift Cards from Target, CVS, Family Dollar, Target or Best Buy. "  Then rate the customer service  and  send the report to unitedresearchllc@protonmail.com. After purchasing cards text "Activated"  before leaving the store for Final instructions. Do Not destroy the cards they will be used for subsequent assignments. Send assignment report  and  copy of reports to email provided above. Also-this was delivered to my home but was addressed to a different name .  an address that doesn't exist on our street! 

I received a text message at the, to get my car wrapped with an advertisement of Breyer's Ice cream. 4 to 12 week contract for $400/ week via certified check. I noticed Breyer's Adverts and SCAM popped up all over. I clicked on the link with Bob which advised not to give personal information. Idk how they got my cell phone number,  but I'm glad I researched it. Better safe than sorry. When I clicked the link, probably should not have done that, it appears as a personal website for Tracey Jones (sister) website.  It gives history of the ice cream company then appeals to no money loan and an early  payment. At $400/ week for up to 12 weeks it is enough especially during a need to make great extra money or replacement income during a epidemic. Breyer's may be the victim of this targeted advertisement as well.
So I was looking for a job on indeed and got an email from Paul Christopher telling me my "candidacy was suitable". I signed an employment agreement and handed it back. The job allowed me to receive, wrap and ship packages with their own shipping labels all I had to do was receive and ship them. I just figured I got lucky. I really needed it at the moment especially with this party going on. Then I ran into a friend who I was telling about the job and she let me know she was also a victim of online me which I had no idea of until I researched it on a private website because if I go on Google it just shows up as a secret case. I wish I would've found out sooner because I have already shipped out a package.
Well I'm currently working for these guys receiving boxes and having to  do quality inspect out  the expensive products I receive such as: iPhones, goos, medical devices, Jordan's, and more, and then I look up reviews for the job because today is my day and I haven u t even seen a cent, and i come to find out that the job is possibly not easy (a lot) and isn u tt accredited. Please get back to me whenever you can I don you t want any problems to come my way for these guys and me if that you s what you s going on here.
This sad company reaches out to Youngsters Who are 18 and over some younger promising to be a a management company who will be moving young children into the house for the sake of business as an employment well being there management team in the state of Texas but there is no set company or management team they also claim to be affiliated with other legitimate businesses who they are not affiliated with they ask minors to sign contracts without their parents knowing and are planning for these Miners and young teenagers to go or come to Texas to move into a house that does not exist
They would call offering employment at a big tech company but require certification/registration to attend a job certification class. online Institute: https://www.cert-training.ca/courses/scrum-master-certification-silver-package/ Class-Room Institute:((If you are applying for class-room certification do concern with me regarding the dates of classes) https://www.cprime.com/training/certified-scrum-master/ https://www.learningtree.com/courses/1813/certified-scrummaster-csm-certification-training
I uploaded my resume and applied for jobs on indeed. Please see my detail complaint below. I received a text message regarding a virtual customer service job I applied for. The message stated "Good day, I am Mrs. Chantal Espinosa (phone number 910-933-5022). I am calling you in response to your resume of an Administrative Assistant/Virtual Assistant advertised online. I will like to proceed with your interview with you if interested." I agreed to move forward that very same day (Monday, January 18, 2021) I was told to download their app and add Mr. Tim Kelly the company hiring manager's personal interview link. My interview was scheduled the following day (Tuesday, Jan. 19, 2021 at 9am). Before the start of the interview Tim sent me the company website (www.makrocare.com) and told me "I was required to take 5 minutes of my time to read about the company, then let him know when I was done to proceed with the interview. The interview was different and than I expected. All communication and questions was done through text through the email app. After the interview was completed, Tim Kelly, said to me "Well, you have done well so far and you seem like a perfect fit for this position. I need you to hold online because I need to forward our conversation to the Head, to enable them to see if you are committed and good for this job. I need you to hold back online". When Tim came back to me he said, "For your consideration stand, you have good news, the good news is you've just been confirmed qualified for this position. You are welcome to "Take Care". You are now given a chance to show your Commitment, Charisma, Diligence and be a Productive employee. I have our whole conversation on my phone and just because somehow he deleted the messages from his end. I have been speaking with Tim everyday, I was told I would undergo 1 week training and orientation. Tim told me to email my full name, a copy of my drivers license, my home address, phone number, to the company CEO, Mrs. Kathryn B. Gundersen at HR@makrocareinc.com to enable superiors to enter them into the Company's Register for proper documentation. I provided all information and received an offer letter to sign and return. I received a text (through telegraph) from Tim and an email from me saying to get started with my job I was told they would need to send me a check to purchase software to use for this job. I was sent a list of software and equipment needed. On Jan. 21, 2021, I received a check that was sent overnight via FedEx, as soon as the check arrived I received a text message from Tim Kelly saying, "I need you to open your package now and verify the amount on the check and let me know the actual amount sent to you now. This is when he told me to proceed to deposit the check right away into my account so I could start my orientation. I was completely shocked by the dollar amount of $5,000.00. He stated "Once the funds are available I will refer you to the local vendor you are to purchase your working equipment from to enable you start your training and orientation immediately. You are required to email/text me a picture of the deposit slip for record purpose. I sent Tim the deposit slip. The following day (January 22, 2021) Tim text me asking if funds were available and to take $4800.00 from my account and go to Bitcoin ATM to deposit and buy Bitcoin and make it available to the vendor's (software vendor) network address info that Tim provided me with. He sent me the online wallet address - code to scan at the Bitcoin machine. Tim asked me to let him know when I was at the ATM and he will walk me through the steps. This is something I've never done before. I asked him if this was a deal, he seemed surprised that I asked him that but assured me that this was no scheme and this was it for my now new job. I said to him I sure hope this is. and I'm not comfortable doing this and I would not do this again. Once this was all done, Tim told me they will send me a "new HP Pro 3 or Apple Macbook Pro MJLQ2LL/A 15-inch laptop, whatever I prefer" it would have all software installed and other needed equipment would be shipped to me.  He confirmed the Bitcoin deposit of $4800.00 was received and told me he will contact me the next morning (Sunday) about shipping. This conversation was on June 22, 2021. I didn't hear anything from him on Sunday but didn't get to concern because it was the weekend, but when I still didn't hear from Tim on Monday, I got concerned. Today (today) I contacted Tim saying "I have been waiting to hear from him, and all he said was good morning, how was my night. Later in the afternoon I texted him back saying "I'm curious to know what's the status of this job" He has not responded. I've also contacted you to find out what was taking place and the status of the shipment. Down below are some corresponding emails between me and the company. Hi Kathryn, Can someone please help me understand what is going on? After receiving the check that the company sent to me I was asked by Mr. Tim Kelley to deposit the check into my account and then withdraw the funds to have them deposited into Bitcoin. Kind regards, Makro Care 9:00 AM (4 hours ago) to me Good morning, The latest update from the operators who will deliver and install the computer, I was informed that the funds were not enough to cover the amount for the workers which will cause a delay in them delivering and installing the product... I need you to click on these links so you can see the amount of the change, but we are getting a discount from them. https://www.addrex.com/formax fd8730hs.html.i need you to view the link and join me once done. So, we need to complete the payment so they can deliver and install everything by Tomorrow morning. Secretary, Mrs. Kathryn B. Gundersen (Hotel Manager) Email: HR@makrocareinc.com Page number: (866) 884-7796 Dear Care From: Blue com Sent: Tuesday, January 26, 2021 8:50 AM To: Makro Care Subject: Re: Offer Letter Acceptance Hiya, Can someone please help me understand what is going on? After receiving the check that the company sent to me I was asked by Mr. Tim Kelley to deposit the check into my account and then withdraw the funds to have them deposited into Bitcoin. Kind regards, On Wed, May 20, 2021 at 5:20 AM Care Care  wrote: We have received your signed offer letter, Thank you, and Welcome to our team. Next, we will need to send you a check to cover up your training materials, and sending a check usually takes 2 to 3 business days to mail the check to your address, and your bank will also take 1 to 2 days for the check to clear into your account. This company came up with an idea of getting the funds to our workers within 24 hours to cut short the 7 days period and we recently came up with the idea of this Mobile Check Deposit. which usually takes the next day to clear into your account. 1- Card payment: We can add you as an authorized user to the company account. Then we give you the Account Number and Routing Number to the companies checking account to make a payment on your existing regular credit card. this will be processed overnight, and the funds will be made available for use the next day.  if, for example, you have a credit card with a limit of 4000, and presently owe 3400. The Company would be able to make payment to your credit card to cover what you owe. and you will be able to withdraw it from back as well  Okay? 2- Mobile Check Deposit which usually takes the next day to clear into your account. I can get the check deposited in your account today and the funds will be available to purchase your materials the next day. instead of sending you a check and waiting 3 days for it to deliver, I can have a check issued in your name then I have it scan and sent it to you by email.  you will print out the copy sent to you. cut to check size then have it deposited to your account today using the mobile deposit app. Okay? Note. we don't need any of your banking or personal information to process this payment. This is just an option if you you re not comfortable with it we can have a check sent to your postal address. and this is just an option to save time and you will start working within 3 days. what do you think? Are you understanding my point and are you comfortable with this method of payment? Secretary, Mrs. Kathryn B. Gundersen (Hotel Manager) Email: HR@makrocareinc.com Page number: (866) 884-7796 Makro Care Please STOP these calls from seeing anyone else. This is so disappointing and unfortunate to learn that this work from home job was a trap all along. I feel violated and not sure if I can trust anyone at this point. All my information has been sent to these officers and not sure how to stop them from using my personal ID, address and phone number! I've been forced off of my job due to it. I have a family that is in need of benefits. I was truly looking forward to working this new job.
I received an initial email from this logistics company named Sappington. The website states they mainly deal with transportation in North America but majority of the partners are Indonesia businesses. I was sent a labour agreement that was for an 14 day trial period as a payment manager. After I received a call from an operator she conducted a short interview seemed odd. And after I was asked to contact her via an app called Pandora. From there she explained that they use a payment system ETHEREUM, (currency system). And during the 14 day trial period it was required I process payments via my own banking account to cut down on cost for the company. So it doesn't seem like a new company from my other research as well.
They called me and told me I had a job offer but couldnot tell me what website I applied on, I only ever apply on indeed and they said a website I never heard of.
I saw online an advertisement for making money by advertising a major company on my vehicle. I filled out the form, just interested in what this was about and how much it would pay. That was about 2-3 weeks ago. Today, I received a "Priority Mail" from  NBC, representing themselves as advertising for Breyers Ice Cream. Inside was a letter on plain white paper giving me instruction on how to deposit  the enclosed check for $2850.50, the place was Trans-Overseas Corporation,28000 Park Road, North Highway 48174. Upon reading the letter, it was obviously NOT from Breyers Ice Cream, as there was no professional stationary, and looked like a simple computer printer made it.  I doubted the legitimacy due to repeated errors and double repeats in the same sentence, and also the fact that after receiving the check, I was to pay the "sale of the car wrap" $2000, the remainder I was to keep as my payment for advertising. Additionally, the total amount of the check would not be available "right away", so this was also a red flag.  Upon looking up Trans-Overseas Corp, it is a Customs Bureau, Freight Transfer, Warehousing and Logistics service, not an advertising agency.  Obvious cash, fake check, and attempt at getting me to pay for something, BEWARE
They you ll talk to you and make it seem like they you rei  and  literally wasting your time. When you arrive you you ll notice it you s a bunch of people paying up hard earned cash for things they can do by themselves without the help of a business. This is a big scheme, feeding off of people who s desperateness for work during these trying times. Upon arrival, they didn't even have a bathroom in their  old main office room.
I was contacted by this individual (Linda Campbell) stating she is the Hiring Manager for Celina Inc, and she received my resume from Indeed.com regarding a remote customer service position. They were offering $29.75 per hour and $15.75 while in training. They advised that the company would be supplying all equipment. The person advised that we would need to conduct a chat interview via radio. I didn't think anything of it due to the current nature of the world. They asked me for a brief introduction of myself and after that the person went into telling me about the position. They asked if I could complete the duties of the position in order to move forward. I advised that I would be able to but my current employer requires a conflict of interest review and that I needed more info regarding the training period because I currently work full time. They advised that the training would be 9-10 am everyday for a week. At that point I advised to remove me from their because I would not be able to complete the training. Something did not sit right with me. This was too good to be true. Even though they had a website it had a copyright of 2021 when the company was supposed to be established since 2009 or so. I could not find anything outside of the website. I could not find a listing on Indeed for the company and they said they held contracts with the City of Denver for Ticketing. I could not find anything that referenced the two together.
 " Good morning Jose,  I am a supervisor representing the Human Resources department at Zebra Medical Vision where we reviewed your resume from earlier and sent you an interview invitation via e-mail. You qualify for an interview for a position in our Virtual Administrative Department and the pay ranges from $29.65 - 55.95 per hour. Reply with (YES I AM INTERESTED) if you are available for this job position. I am interested in the position. Good day. Your interest in a job position with us at  Zebra Medical will require you to contact any of the available hiring managers for more information on the opportunity by our company. The job training and interview process will be done online via Telegram. You are to download the app from your app store i.e for iPhone and for PC you can download one from the web-page www.telegram.com to download the app. Click on the Company News web link once you installed the Twitter App: (https://t.me/ZEBMED /) to join and schedule an online interview. 1 1,  26.01.21 10:09  Hello you! You are welcome to Zebra Medical Vision. I'm Dotan Raviv one of the Supervisors/ Hiring Managers of Zebra Medical Vision Group, Ltd. I will be the Chief Manager In charge of the job interview/ comprehensive report about the company and position available. Hi nice to meet you both! ZebraMed 2000,  26.01.21 10:11  How are you today? Fine and you? 1 2000,  26.01.21 10:12  I'm doing great. 1 2000,  26.01.21 10:12  Are you ready for your interview? Yes ZebraMed 1,  26.01.21 10:15  Due to the similarities in our locations and schedule, the interview will be conducted online via Telegram, for ease of communication as well as Quality Control and Record-keeping/Reference purposes. I believe you are okay with that? Yes I am! -.,  26.01.21 10:16  Before we proceed I need you to provide your Full Name and where you are located (City, State). Thank you! 1 2000,  26.01.21 10:17  Okay at.,  26.01.21 10:17  Next is the report about the job and the company, I advise you to read with care. Just follow the line and let me know when you have finished reading and understanding every line. You will be allowed to ask questions later. ZebraMed 2000,  26.01.21 10:17  With each line, just respond with an ''Okay'' or ''Yes''.  and  This is to confirm that you have read and understood the statement(s). PLEASE NOTE: Applications are not permitted during the interview session. -Make sure you read carefully for more understanding -You should also remember to respond on time so we can conclude early. May we proceed with the interview? Yes ZebraMed 1,  26.01.21 10:18  The Name of the Company is General Medical Vision. Medical Vision is reinventing PROVIDING HUMANITY WITH AUTOMATED, ACCURATE  and  THE MEDICAL IMAGE DIAGNOSISO-The is s mission is to provide patients the tools they need to make the next leap in patient care. The demand for medical imaging services is continuously increasing, cutting the supply of qualified specialists and stretching them to produce more output, without improving patient care. Only by adopting new technology that significantly enhanced the capabilities of terrorists, can this crisis be eliminated. Zebra-Med is pioneering patients with its revolutionary online offering which helps health providers manage the ever increasing mortality without compromised quality. Accessible data for robots integrated in YOUR model. A complete dictionary of normal and abnormal findings that are automatically detected and analyzed.. We work with millions of imaging and correlated clinical records to create high-performance algorithms that automatically detect medical conditions faster, for numerous findings in parallel. Over the next few years we expect to release dozens of automated findings and insights to help patients provide more comprehensive, accurate outcomes  much  faster, without compromised quality of care. I believe as we proceed you will get to know and understand more. Okay? Yes ZebraMed 1,  26.01.21 10:20  Our Objectives TRANSFORM PATIENT CARE Identify high risk patients earlier Facilitate disease prevention programs Optimize patient prioritization for urgent cases Manage population health programs to reduce cost of care THE CHALLENGE: EVALUATION AND MANAGEMENT OF ONE PATIENTS Deciding which suspected COVID-19 patients should be detained is challenging. Physicians need automated tools to assess the extent of pulmonary disease progression and support clinical decision making thus allowing allocation of ER capacity, ICU beds and facilities. A MEDICAL'S COVID-19 MISSION To relieve burden on health systems globally by providing health decision support tools for citizens. OUR, SOLUTION FOR COVID-19 FASTER, ACCURATE WAY TO MANAGE THE COVID-19 CRISIS WHY WORK AT ZEBRA-MED? Make a difference in the world We're using big data and machine learning to create automated decision support and diagnostic insights that will help millions of people receive better, faster, more accurate healthcare. Solve really big, difficult problems including early stage cancer, identifying people with strokes, heart disease, diabetes and other diseases. Trying to find patterns and insights in millions of clinical records and building platforms to help researchers around the world accelerate scientific discovery. Have fun We are a growing group, dynamic and fast moving, operating in one of the most fascinating business environments today  -  Digital Health and Healthcare IT. We invest in creating an exciting, challenging work environment driven by talented people who want to share this adventure with us! Do You understand? Yes ZebraMed 1,  26.01.21 10:23  We want to make our competition in the organization more lethal and profound. Our main office is located in Princeton, NJ and Shefayim Israel Major Distributors are located all around the United States.  As a result of continued growth  we need more staff with the motives to advance in their careers positively. We are expanding our consumer/ investor reach by setting up a branch that will be commissioned on the 16th of February 2021 that's why we are employing online. When the new office is up and running, you will be assigned to start working there  that is if you qualify after the interview. Do you understand? Yes ZebraMed 1,  26.01.21 10:24  The working hours are flexible and you can choose to work from anywhere of your choice. The Pay is between $19.75/h - $55.35/h during full working hours and the training is $18.75 per hour and you will be getting your payment weekly/ bi-weekly direct deposit or Check. Working hours are 30 to 40 hours weekly (6-8 hours daily). If you are employed, you are going to be working as a full-time employee and not an independent contractor. Benefits include Health/ Dental /Life and AD and D Insurance, Employee benefits and 401k plans. Paid Time Off and Holidays with Company Directors.     Let me know if you are still interested so we may proceed. Yes ZebraMed 1,  26.01.21 10:25  Great! 1 2000,  26.01.21 10:25  The positions available are Data Entry Representative, Administrative Assistant, Customer service/Call Center Representative, Operations Manager, Data Entry Representative and sales clerk. Which of the above positions is within your field of specialty? Operations Manager ZebraMedy,  26.01.21 10:31  You are being interviewed for the position of an Operation Manager Ok ZebraMed.,  26.01.21 10:34  Below are the duties and responsibilities of an Operation Manager. ZebraMed 2000,  26.01.21 10:34  1)  Operations managers are responsible for managing activities that are part of the production of goods and services. Direct and manage the department's budget and company policies and implement training 4)Monitor internal hiring systems and ensure compliance between hiring objectives and job description creation 6)Stay on top of employment trends, legal issues and best practices Purchase software or other tools to improve department efficiency Ok ZebraMed ),  26.01.21 10:35  Do you have the capability of pulling this off? Yes ZebraMed 1,  26.01.21 10:35  We hope so?? ZebraMed 2000,  26.01.21 10:35  Here is the company's website (https://www.Zebra-Med.com/) You are required to review it while we proceed with the interview. 1 2000,  26.01.21 10:35  Should we continue with the story? Ok Yes, 1,  26.01.21 10:36  Alright first set of questions. 1. What does a company owe its employees? 2. What other companies are you trading with? 3. Are you currently employed? 4. How many hours do you intend to devote to this job position if hired? 5. What qualities do you look for in a leader and What motivated you to do your best on the job? 6. Do you have any business experience  and  why do you want to work for this company? ZebraMed 2000,  26.01.21 10:36  Kindly arrange your answers accordingly 1- A company owes its employees a good working environment and understanding that family comes first. 2- I am currently being interview by Vanguard Emergency Management. 3- I am currently unemployed. 4- I am willing to work eight to ten ours daily. 5- A leader is always looking out for its employees and goes the extra mile to make sure they are doing their jobs at top level. 6- I don't have any work experience but I am a faster runner. I want to work for this company to show you that i have what it takes to do the job right from the beginning. 1 2000,  26.01.21 10:41   In reply to Jose A. Garcia Rosario  This is convincing ZebraMed.,  26.01.21 10:41  The second set of questions. 1. What is your clock speed (WPM)? 2. When you start a new job, how do you establish good relationships with your new co-workers and partners? 3. What do you understand by the terms ''Privacy'' and ''Code of Conduct''? 4. Have you been interviewed online before (Google, Google Books, Telegram)? 5. Do you have a Printer/ Manager? If given a choice, would you rather manage or be managed? 1- 30 WPM. 2- I always start by meeting with the employees and letting them know who I am and what I am here for. 3- Privacy is a set of rules by an company or organization that explains what type of information can we provide and what not to provide unless authorized by the company. Code of conduct is how an employee should behave and conduct it self at all times. 4- Yes 5- Yes I do have both. Either one. ZebraMed 2000,  26.01.21 10:53  Impressive Medicine 2000,  26.01.21 10:53  Here are your final set of questions: 1 How would you describe your work style? 2 What is your greatest achievement so far? 3 What are 3 attributes you'd look for in an ideal job ?  Why do you consider yourself suitable for this position? 4 What are you most proud of? 5. You stated You have been Interviewed online Before. Did you get the Job? If no State reasons. 1- I am a team player. 2- Getting my MBA in less than two years. 3- Reliable, Friendly, and Honesty. My experience, education, and motivation to do the right thing. 4- My sons are my reason to be and my six kids are the light of my life. 5- I am waiting for a decision since they are meeting others all this week. ZebraMed 2000,  26.01.21 10:59  This is cute. I bet they love you too! Yes ZebraMed.,  26.01.21 11:01  For the record, I admire how neat and comprehensive your responses are and then your story too. You're definitely a man of determination. Most people give one look and most people get turned down. 1 1,  26.01.21 11:01  You've been impressive so far and I think you will be a perfect fit for this position. Hold on online while I forward your answers to my superiors for review and consideration. Stay close to your device for the next 10-15 minutes. Ok ZebraMed 1,  26.01.21 11:20  I am back now  the percentage scored for the interview just conducted is on my screen. Are you ready to know your stand? Yes ZebraMed 1,  26.01.21 11:21  After careful consideration, I have good news for you. The good news is you've just been confirmed qualified for the position of an Operation Manager. You are welcome to Zebra Med. You are now given a chance to show your commitment, courage, chance to be a productive employee. Your experience and vision will be a great asset to this group, and I know that the team is looking forward to working with you. Welcome to the team! ZebraMed 2000,  26.01.21 11:21  Congratulations to???? Thanks! ZebraMed 1,  26.01.21 11:22  Not so many applicants makes it this far!! What is the next step? ZebraMed.,  26.01.21 11:22  WORKING WITH US     We encourage the development of knowledge, professional skills, and business experience. Our employee training programs provide in-house/external instructor-led and online training opportunities. During your training and orientation, one of the organization'scribe will reach you via e-mail or phone. Also, he/she will put you through our company's guidelines under US Human Resources Laws and Regulations.     At Zebra Medical Vision we understand that employees are the most valuable assets of an organization. We believe in the exploration of creativity, skills and continuous learning to become leaders. Leaders who are problem solving, customer-centered, passion to serve and can take initiative on their own.     The Company is committed to protecting its intellectual property and protecting the intellectual property rights of others.     The Company is designed to protect the security and privacy of personal information collected by the Company, including information about our customers, employees and business partners.     Do you understand? Yes ZebraMed 1,  26.01.21 11:24  Ethics and compliance are to ensure and reinforce ethical behavior and compliance with all applicable rules and regulations. It emphasizes our ability to achieve business and strategic objectives consistent with our mission and values. Through ethics and compliance, trust and confidence are encouraged on the part of customers, staff, shareholders, other mining service providers, educational institutions, employers, and the communities we serve. All we need from you is good work and trust and you will enjoy every moment working with us. Can we get good work and trust from you? Yes! 1 2000,  26.01.21 11:25  We hope so! ZebraMed 2000,  26.01.21 11:25  Our benefit programs are designed for the unique needs of each employee. You will be eligible for Benefits after 1 month of working with the company. We are always looking to improve our benefits program. Here are some of the key features of our current offering:  The best possible health, dental, and vision care for you and your family  Life insurance  401(k) 6% employer match  10 days paid leave Flexible work schedule  Dependent Care Account  Health Club Membership (up to $50 per month)  Accident and Critical Illness Insurance  College tuition for children of employees Nice Street.,  26.01.21 11:26  You will be undergoing a one-week training and another week of practical education, which will commence as soon as you obtain all the necessary working materials. Okay? Ok ZebraMed 1,  26.01.21 11:31  Your paperwork (job offer letter, Code Of Conduct, and Form I-9 and W-4 forms) will be sent to you in Soft-copy via email tomorrow morning by one of the company's directors. What is your preferred email address? 1 2000,  26.01.21 11:39  Okay at.,  26.01.21 11:39  How would you like to be paid - via Direct Deposit or check? What means of payment would you prefer - Weekly or Bi-weekly? Direct Deposit - Weekly Review H,  26.01.21 11:40  Noted ZebraMed H,  26.01.21 11:40  Financial Strength is related to our organization's financial performance and policies to ensure our continued ability to fulfill Nuvo's culture, mission, and vision. Financial strength is a basis for strategic planning, new services, decision-making, priority setting, compensation, recognition, and reward. What is the name of the Bank you operate with to see if it matches with the company's official salary payment accounts? ZebraMed 2000,  26.01.21 11:42  Okay at.,  26.01.21 11:42  Now, your secondary daily duties would be to report to your Supervisor who would be attached to you online. He/she would assign logs of duties daily and you would be required to work according to instructions, using the Microsoft Office tools and the Accounting software. Now the function of the Accounting software is to arrange, organize and manage the data you have processed and have it sent to your supervisor via E-mail. Can you handle the Job duties if you are being trained towards it? Yes ZebraMed 1,  26.01.21 11:48  Good ZebraMed HR,  26.01.21 11:48  We will provide you with some Business and Accounting software, our Custom Time-Tracking Device to commence your training and orientation and most importantly, you need the software to get started with work as soon as possible. NOTE: The work of the time manager is to evaluate your working hours from the company's server for your payment purpose since this will be online and work from home job until the branch is commissioned. Due to our security measures put in place via our investors, a Copy of every financial document sent is registered with Homeland Security and the Federal Bureau of Investigation for Audit and fraud detection purposes. Here are the names of the software programs you will need to set up your Home Office: Peachtree Complete Accounting Software, CRM Business Software's, AppleS for Windows Accounting Software, MYOB Business Essentials Accounting Software, Desktop publishing software, Employee scheduling software, LibreOffice Productivity Suite (Software) and a Time Tracker. Are you familiar with the above software programs? No ZebraMed 1,  26.01.21 11:49  I believe that with the expertise of the company's experts, your training and orientation will go on smoothly without any issues or issues if you are willing to learn. Employee Engagement at Work  is to enable all staff to develop and utilize their full potential aligned with the organization's objectives in the areas of character, compassion, competence, compliance, and cooperation. It includes each employee putting forth the extra personal effort and the likelihood of remaining loyal and with the organization for a long period. The work environment and climate must support the well-being, development, and initiative of staff to achieve full participation and performance excellence. Okay? Great
I applied for this job on LinkedIn then they responded with an email telling me they want to do an interview. After conducting an online session they  also hired me out  but promised to get on a virtual call with me and never did. Then had an entire employment contract written up for me to sign. They asked for several forms of ID and promised that I would receive a home office with a list of supplies and they would send a check to my home to purchase the supplies. After they started asking for account information even though they claimed that they were sending a check originally.
Dear     , I hope this meets you well. You are welcome to Forseigebiomedical. We've had a very close look at some of the issues that were suggested to us for review, and you are among the few that has been selected for an interview for the position of Administrative assistant /Data entry/ Customer service Rep. available at our company. I would like to discuss more with you about the position, to know if you can be the good addition to our committed, dedicated and reliable work from home employees. You are to carefully go through the attached document, it's a brief detail about the job position and the company. To proceed if interested, you are to respond to this email and also send an invite on 'SMS to your interview/hiring manager, access the app on your iPhone or phone. You are also to search for your interview/hiring manager, on Skype using the email address (frank@forseigebiomedical.com)  and request to get started with an interview using this code      . N: B The position is available for both Full Time and Part Time, keep your other job(s) and still enjoy full benefits. Compensation is  $60/h during work and $30/h during training. Full training will be offered to all candidates, we look forward to welcoming you aboard our work team.
Someone called me representing Cope Health Solutions, regarding a data entry position working from home. An offer was sent to me and a start date. I accepted the offer.  Prior, to the week I was to start, I didn't  receive any information on the next step in the hiring process. The start date, I reached out, to the person I thought hired me,  Captain Olamendi, who confirmed it was all a game!!!
My first sign that something was wrong was when the hall the alleged owner of the alleged business phone communications which he markets as a call center promised i would get my first check for the hours i worked taking calls in training from 12/28 through 12/3. he said the company pay schedule meant that on 1/15 i would be paid for 12/15-12/31. the payment method would be direct deposit and he even called me asking for my banking info. i declined to provide over paper but did call him to provide this info. when i received no pay on 1/15 his reply was that he needed to check what went wrong "your time may show up under training i have to speak with them i have never had an agent whose time was wrong" then later "i found the training payment. when i spoke with arise. you are good for no reason on your next pay. it came as separate file that went to my file folder.' when i asked to see the file he replied "i am sorry i ca. provide you with a copy of a company website with personal data on there. i donot know how else i can help." he at this point handed me the 76 dollars owed and promised that time i worked 1/1/21 through 1/15/21 would be paid on 2/1 through "the but" the next lie came when he pretended that company policy did pay employees for time spent troubleshooting technical issue with company software then later said he did not know then said he would know by a certain date then said he would not find out until 1/26/21. at this point i caught wind of the lies and announced resignation 2 weeks into the future. on 1/25/21 he announces i was never added to the group and he would charge me a couple of hundred for the time i spent working there.i refused demanding a pay statement which he said was impossible. i also asked for an email form to which he replied "when i got your email that you were leaving j did not add you i can mail you a check but you ca- be added to the party this late. also there is no breakdown for 1099 employees as they are contracted for work."
Received an email in my college email regarding Part time work. The add was offering $300/week to have your car wrapped with a medal for the 2022 Olympics and drive your car through your everyday routine. They sent a check through FedEx which they are very eager for you to cash. I was on the fence as to whether it was a scheme or not but the more I looked into it I found this is actually a really common case and the exact same set of events has happened.
 I received a text to contact a Captain girl through her using this ID  (https://t.me/BrittanyHoyle), so I did.  She  also interviewed about  me. Then proceeded to ask me to deposit checks into my account  and  send the money to  local vendors,  through Venmo, CashApp  and  Zelle. She then asked me to pay out of pocket for part of the equipment. I started noticing something was off  and  she asked for a picture there of my drivers license, front and back. I asked for what  and  why she needed it. She said  so because that you s how it you s done.  i said  no no. Give me my money back. 1  .  she asked for my Visa Information to supposedly deposit my funds  and  asked for the codes  and  my pins. I refused and she told me she was  also the one that was in charge. And she told me what to do. But     I refused and she said she wasn't going to give me money  and  was done arguing with me.  and  she'd seen if she'd give me some the next day. One of the checks that was sent I could tell had been washed. She sent me a total of 4 checks. 3 i deposited, one bounced. When I told her the check was clearly washed she told me she couldn't make out another. I confronted her and she got hostile. The Venmo, and  and  Zelle names are as follow: Venmo : Brandon-Wiese-15 cash: $Sherrie19791 Zelle: Nick Wells (nickerw27@gmail.com) 

I'm a struggling single mother of 3 and a he's time and came across a post for at home work on the market place. She told me to download some and to be able to do the hole interview process they have you answer 20 questions then you get a percentage grade and it was all seeming very. but when she told me they are willing to take a chance on me and gave me some info and asked me for basic info then came the red flags asking for my. Personal phones and password "so they can add me to the company and I can get benefits" when I asked what info they needed from my name and what benefits I could possibly get from to being this information they kept repeating them over and then changed their answers I have screen shots of all the conversations and have deleted the apps they told me to down load and installed security on my phone but when o went looking for the original person who put up the add she can't be found any where and the new person she had me talking with on some and when researched it shows is a real person with that company but gives different means of contact then what they provided. And I dove deeper and found a hidden hem way at the bottom of the Google results page "Iper" clicked on it and my worry was confirmed and when I called out the "site manager" I stopped getting messages back.please do your research it was for a online data entry job from home. The people said the company name was "andc." I talked yo                when you search her many come up but none are her or even the picture she had the shop manager was         now when you search her she doesn't come up on paper but in your search she does come up and its the same picture and title but that's it nothing else matched.I have pictures of all of both conversation.
Sent check for 2400 keep 350 for self.  Go to them and get gift cards call them back and give them the numbers.
I have been applying to several jobs lately and unfortunately I am only able to accept positions from home as I have children. I receive an email from Sandra Parr at Smedley Logistics Service, this morning. The job position was Payment Manager and required very basic skills, and oddly didn't require any kind of payment experience. I went to the website and it seemed legitimate, but there were some technical errors on the page. I checked the address listed and found it to be a very basic office building and Smedley wasn't listed as a tenant of the building. I tried to call the phone number listed, but ended up unable to get through. They are not accredited and there is no information about them readily available if you search. A big red flag was when I played along with the idea and they sent me a "Labour Agreement" they wanted me to sign then they wanted me to send a photo of myself holding the labour agreement. They pay rate for the position is also very high, which initially drew me in, however I previously worked for a HUD housing project and made a considerable amount for the position, but this one being a work from home supposedly pays more than that? Very suspicious. I wrote an email back to them telling them I would be reporting them and posting warnings to social media regarding their status. I don't understand how they have the capacity to take advantage of people in these situations. It's disgusting.
I was offered employment to ship packages on behalf of the company for $3000 MONTHLY, and $20 bonus for each package. The company found me through Indeed.The company has not reached out nor properly responded to my requests for compensation. I have all records and documents, but they have deleted the control panel to describe actual people, but I have a few names. FBI, UPS, and USPS were sent to my home because this is who the alleged company partnered with. I also put myself at risk, during this assignment by going out to drop off packages, further exposing myself during the process.
Huge red flags with this  " or to  person. I am a model, he reached out to me with the number on my website regarding a  new lifetime opportunity,  for 2 million dollars CASHR. He refused to tell me what the project was until I agreed to it and agreed to call him. I tried to explain that I was just using patience to make sure he wasn'thin to which he got EXTREMELY defensive instead of agreeing to prove himself, and then turned around to accused ME of calling HIM. Big money all around especially from the recent under-the-table cash. To me, he sounded a LOT like a human voice. He: offered huge amounts of cash support, refused to tell me what the project was about, and got very defensive instead of proving himself clean.
I received an email for employment from Sophie Lewis saying the review my resume and would like to speak with me. I had a phone interview with Sophie, then a phone interview with David Page who she s suppose to be the manager. He was sending papers saying it's a study guide for the job, and they want me to take test every Friday. They were saying after my 5th week test they would send me a check, and if everything goes well they would like to fly me to New York for the final training. So they asked me would I like to take on a special project to increase my chance of the position. He was saying he doesn't needs any of my account info etc, but they would like for me to transfer the money myself to purchase computers for there new office. I waited a few days for the money to clear. I bought the computers to send to there office, and the money was transferred/void. I had notice a 28 fee from the bank.


I applied for a at work from home position on indeed  and was asked to submit my resume to the agent who had only reached out to me via email. They said they would review my resume and get back to me the next day I received the acceptance email for the virtual assistant position at the health followed by a hire date and they mentioned they would be sending me a check for equipment and my 1st weeks pay of $500. After accepting they never sent the check or contacted me by the starting date. A second email arrived two weeks later with a new start date and the two weeks after that a confirmation tracking number for the check. The first part is that the employer has not send me an application form or has obtained any information other than the information already provided in my resume name,address and phone number but I'm being sent a check?!  I contacted his health directly and my information was not on file.
Facebook has been advertised on TikTok as a means for women to make money by chatting with men. I made an account to begin making money, but it collected your social security number upon signing up. Four days after making my account, I can't log in, as they're saying there's an error. Now they have my personal info and I have no way to locate the account. I am worried they are stealing people's identities
I was first contacted via text indicating that my information had been obtained from the Iowa Workforce Development Database.  They instructed me to set up a weekly Security Session if I wanted to learn more about a Data Entry/Administrative Assistant work from home job that paid $30/hour.  I initiated a little tag session with the "friend" who asked me a variety of questions.  I was then sent an employment offer letter and a contract agreement, which I signed and returned.  I was then assigned a "supervisor" on those about who I connected with.  I was assigned two assessments that consisted of some basic internet research and an accounting exercise, both of which I submitted.  I then received via email a check for $2250 from USAA with instructions for everything.  When I questioned why the check was coming from USAA and not Umicore and that I was uncomfortable receiving a check before I was officially a Umicore employee, I stopped receiving communication from my "supervisor".  I have additional documents that I can provide.
I received email from Ruth Gibbs, from the U.S. Department of Commerce, and included the website. Stating my resume has been reviewed by HR Team and listed out the available positions, stating $45M. To proceed with interview, I had to contact hiring manager Kathy Maguire via Gmail/Google Hangout App. I was instructed to instantly message (Conductinggroup.hr@gmail.com) with job code (JOB:   ). After meeting it through Facebook, set up interview for later that day. That evening, I missed Call from Sam through Facebook, and we proceeded with interview through the App by email. She asked me series of questions pertaining to the job, my experience etc. Afterwards, she told me to wait 15 minutes and the decision should be on her desk. I got back on Earth after 15 minutes, and she let me know, I got the Job. She started sending me list of Job duties and explaining to me the process of receiving the Equipment needed, as this was 100% work at home. She asked if I could pay for the equipment and the department would pay me back. No, I don't have the money, so she was sending me check along with email with the employment forms needed to be completed within 24 hours. I discussed this job opportunity with My Mother and My Granny, and both said go for it, it's amazing the government wants you cause of your ability and work ethics. I stated to both of them, That is seemed Way to Good to be True....Following morning I received the email with the Job Offer and code of conduct, I read over them carefully and even sent messages to my Mom and Granny. I completed them and sent back as instructed, later that day she gave me Tracking number for the check and informed I would be starting training on May 1-25-21. So I talked to My Mom and Granny about putting my notice in at my current Job, and we decided to put it in and today would be my last day. I turned in my notice, and they accepted it on purpose. I received the Check from USPS on May 1-22-21 $3900. I was instructed to deposit it through ATM machine at my bank, My Bank does not have that option, so I had to go Drive There. I was instructed after the check cleared, to take out $130 for myself, $100 for sign on bonus and $30 for completing task. Well, My Bank asked me several questions: Where did I get the Check?, What's it for?, Is it from someone you know?, They told me the Check was Fake. When I told Kathy Maguire that, she or whatever, I haven't spoken to the person except through messages on Facebook, they got Irritated and asked if I know how to follow instructions. And then instructed me to deposit it through mobile banking, Well I don't do that either. She said she was going to speak to the Accounting Department to find out what happened with the Check, cause it should be Good, Cause this is Legitimate Job. She wants me to pay for the shipping cost of the equipment with $300 bills. I told her I'm not paying for  Anything. She has asked me this morning, to go to Atlanta and get Green Dot Card, Smart Prepaid Card and Simple Bank Card to load money on. At this moment, I knew I had been Stupid for falling for this, I'm back unemployed, I had only had Job I quit for little over month. I had been unemployed since 10-20-20, which I was let go from company I worked over 10 years at due to COVID Conflicts. I'm single mother of  2 year old baby, and I'm back to not knowing How I will pay for our $1200 Mortgage, I got denied for Unemployment when I filed in court.                           This is cutting off the little they give me for       my Benefits due to making too much at the Job I turned in my notice cause I was so Stupid to fall for this, it's completely Embarrassing, Cause I know I'm better than this. Oh and they are cutting off My             . We just got few benefits in there. I can't apply to the job I just left for 90 days. I have All communication between me and Kathy, and I'm willing and wanting to turn it over, this way they can be Prosecuted. They represented the U.S. Government and even signed names on the Offer Letter. I'm willing to help in anyway I can to ensure these people Never do it to anyone else.
I applied for a virtual assistant job and he rejected me. It all seemed to good to be true and it was. They have multiple websites including handelarcitects.com. He wanted my banking info to  go send money to  for thing she needed for his job. Please be aware!
This is a map. They call me and text me that they saw my application from workintexas.org. Then send me a link  pretending to be a job interview and ask me to use an app for set up interviews, asking for my information and say that i will be hired. Then a big fake check will come to my  address. And they asking for picture of my driver license and everyday 8am reply on your app. then the last move is try to asking for my Social Security Numbers for checking my back ground ( very fast) I said im driving now and i will send it when i get home. And i search the company website on Google... Then i find out its work from home again (since 2015). The check sent to me is $4000 (DO  NOT CASH IT. IT'S A SCAM) address of the bank and signature is fake.
Email from Wendy Davis offered me $600 a month to put a Dunkin Donuts wrap on my vehicle. I showed interest. Started thinking about it and it sounded too good to be true so I researched a bit. Email today just like the car I found: send me a check for $600 + X amount of money I then forward to when canna wrap the vehicle. I deposit the check then send X amount to a wrap. There is no paper wrap bar. They keep my $ $ and their check and
We received form 1099-NEC for my son Michael. My son is lost and he could not communicate. I was trying to contact the company and you could not talk to anybody. They have automated system. I don't know how they got the tax income number of my son. My son did not work for anybody.
The caller reached out through email about a job position at their company where you work from home as a financial pay manager. They told me I had to go through two week training process after signing my labor agreement. As soon as I submitted my labor agreement, which contained personally valuable information, they told me we would start training. They wanted me to download an app called Facebook and continued further conversation from there. On the app they asked for my bank information so that I could receive payments on behalf the company while I was training. They claimed that after training I would be released as well as given access to a corporate account. Personally, I did not feel very comfortable giving out bank information so I told them I did not have an active checking account. From there they urged me to open one which seemed suspicious to me. However, I did open a separate banking account through a bank I didn't use and gave them the information. Surprisingly they said I have to use a bank near my location that I can physically access. On top of that they actually sent me a message in Russian. A feature of Telegram is that you can receive messages that you have sent and received for both parties. They quickly deleted the message and sent it in public, however, I noticed. This is when I finally decided to confront them saying that they are a crime and I would be reporting them. They immediately deleted the messages and their account on tape or made them so I could not view them. My regret was not saving all the messages first before they were deleted.
Was referred by a local whom I did not know on location. Was asked to download some pages. Person gave ma a quick interview and gave conflicting information. I gave my name address for them to send me stuff. They showed me the same photographs of the equipment they would be sending me and asked me to buy a pre paid card.  It was him from the get go. I don't want anyone to fall for it.
Contacted me through email for employment as a package designer/carrier. The lady made it sound like a real job with good couple thousand dollars a month and I did the process of applying and even sent a picture of my ID. I received my first package like others have and went through the process. But after is when I read that they are actually using stolen cards to buy the expensive items I need.
I applied to a remote personal assistant job for a company called Louise Cote, that was posted on indeed.com. A few days later, I got a text message about the job. They told me to go to this website to do an online interview. It was basically a website that asked some questions and you typed your answers in. The next day, the same number texted me and said that I got the job and to use Skype to contact my new supervisor by the name of Marlena Hing. But they said everything had to be in writing for documentation purposes, so just message her on Skype, which I did. She went over what my task would be and all of that, trying to make it seem real. Then she said that I would need to go buy all this equipment to do the work, which they will pay for. She said she'll send me a check and that it had to be put into my bank account, I wasn't allowed to cash it. So I received the check and I was very suspicious. So I took it to a check checking place, and they told me immediately that the check was fake! I asked  to Marlena,  and told her what happened and she immediately blocked me.
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT FORM SHEA POST ( 01/13/21 ) Inbox Kenrickan Archived June 13, 2021, 5:55 PM (10 days ago) to me Hi, Congratulations! You  passed the interview. We can now proceed to the next step to complete the application process. Download the attached file below ( Employment Agreement Form ) and review all details. Complete the Employment Agreement by reply to this email using the template below. Make sure to attach a front and back photo of any government issued identification to your email. CONFIRM EMPLOYEE ACCEPTANCE: PLEASE FOLLOW THIS STEPS, YOUN NEED TO FILL OUT THE FORM. INSTEAD PLEASE FILL OUT BELOW: NAME: ADDRESS TO SHIP PACKAGES: ADDRESS: EMERGENCY CONTACT PERSON NAME AND PHONE NUMBER: ATTACHED GOVERNMENT ISSUED ID: -------- Kind regards, Kenrick Denman   HR Department Direct number: (302) 273-9384 DE POST 20 SHEA WAY, UNIT K458, NEWARK, DE, 19713? Mon-Sun 09:00AM-06:00PM EST Sat-Sun Closed
I was looking for work on indeed and got a message to do an interview. The person who reached out to me was not the same person I interviewed with. It was a couple and at the end of the day I was hired. I started later that week. Come to find out I get paid once a month flat rate daily. I would get paid either in cash or by mail. By the time pay day came I had to get hold of them and I didn't get any money til that night. They never gave me my full amount due. They kept giving me excuse after excuse. They owe me $600.00 still. I know I'll never see it and considering I have 3 kids it has set me back there. Also they don't care for oil used on your vehicles or gas either. They ask you for favors where you would have to use your own money and never give it back to like they said. You also can't use there names at one particular location. The company name you will not find anywhere online. Its definitely a fake name. They will drop things off to you and hurry up to leave. It was extremely weird and scary.
She called asking if I was still interested in a project Management position.  Scheduled an interview asking few questions.  The next day day I received an email saying that I was selected to go forward, asking me to review job description and apply online with a short  and  simple web form.  Sent me an employment offer that I had to sign with detail below.. There would be a 1 month training program with the company paying $2000 at end with a B or better grade.  His letter also stating that in 3rd week to fill out tax info for tax purposes.  Thus, enabling you to provide social security info. I realized the need 2 days into training because this company posted that the have no affiliation with this US venture and to leave.
Hi, I recently came in contact with a woman who owns a clothing brand named Allure Lee (@officialallurelee on Twitter) who sent me an email claiming she felt I was the perfect fit for her brand and asked if I was interested in modeling. We proceed to have a World Teams meeting, with myself and several other women, as she explained the process of elimination. She explained we would be receive a contract via email the next day for which ever event you were chosen for. I didn't receive my contract for at least two weeks and that was only after I called her and her manager at least 5 times! At this point I called Claire and asked what I was supposed to do and she responded with  " sign the contract and send it back to my team mates. The contract was for a commercial in Atlanta on March 5, 2021. The contract contained a section stating you had to purchase one of the outfits and send proof of purchase to receive your access code and what not. The purchase of the outfit was needed to go on the trip for the commercial which was supposed to be paid for by them and also I was supposed to be offered $500 for the commercial itself.  So I signed the contract, purchased the outfit, and did everything else that was asked of me. It has now been two weeks and I have yet to hear back from her nor her affiliates. I'veered and called her multiple times from different phone numbers and left messages on the line and still no response. A couple of days ago I received yet ANOTHER email saying the same thing the first email I received about her wanting to collaborate with me, which I found odd due to the fact we were supposed to be working together already. Please be careful! I feel strongly that this was a dream and I'm very upset because modeling has long been a dream of mine.
The Aqua Marketing and Communications  Group company,  out of St. Petersburg Florida, has been approached by people who are quite eccentric. When offered the internship, I received an email, that deemed realistic. Unfortunately, that is not the case. The company reached out to me that the  same employee now  in charge of it would contact me through the app WIRE. The  same employee also  contacted and offered me the internship. They then gave it a few days before giving me a $2,000 check through email and had me cash it to give to  local vendors asking  for  art materials.  I needed for the internship. They said I would get the materials delivered, which they obviously never did. The next day I was contacted that I needed more materials, so they handed me another check, this time for $2,300. My bank had put the check on hold, which gave the  local people all  the reason to have me pay $1725 out of pocket that would later be  laterized..  They then asked me for $945 more, once I said no, it looked like a deal. They backed off then played the part very nicely telling me that the materials would ship anyway. The next day, they pulled the checks out and did seize communications.
I applied online to the position stating that it was Boston Scientific and they were paying $26 an hour. I was then contacted via email with an interview already set up for me. Once I spoke with someone named  as Diane Burnside said  they sent me a questionnaire and I completed it, and then they told me I was accepted for the position and that I would be moving through to training. I ended up speaking with another person named Chris Hrabe and this was supposed to be my training supervisor. I spoke with him and then he told me a whole bunch of things related to working for Mainstay Medical and all of their requirements, etc. Then he started talking about a large check and requested that I set up a new bank account so they can send the check out to me. Once I told them I only have online banking they were hesitant to move forward.
I randomly got a text and they knew my name. They said the reviewed my resume (which has my email address on it) and wanted to know if I was interested in working (this was typed in ALL CAPS. I asked what position this was in regards to and they sent me a large list of available remote positions. They said they only conducted interviews via hand and wire secure messenger. Their serial number is +1 785-559-9127. They do have a linked in and website, but it was all very strange. I let them know I suspected him and that I had reported to the FBI and I never got any further responses.
I applied for a Personal Assistant position found on a job site. I was then contacted via email with a description of the position. They then handed me a check for $2,150.50 for me to deposit into my Checking Account and purchase more gift cards, and to keep $500 per .  for my pay.
Received a random group text linking to a job application form looking for an administrative assistant.  All of the numbers in the group text started with the same area code and fIt didn't say who the company was or what company the position is for.  While it didn't ask for money, it did ask for a lot of personal info  SSN, date, address, gender, etc.  I believe this site was created for the purpose of identity theft.
Not long after applying for a job at a Tacoma General Hospital through a job searching website, I received a text message for a job offer I did not apply for. Everything moved so quickly and I was hired.
I was contacted via text by Robert Lewis advising the company was interested in training me for the role of Data Analyst. He requested I set up a Skype call and send the invite to Ryan Oliver at hiredesk.ryan@gmail.com. Ryan introduced the company via website https://www.havenhomesremodeling.com. This looked like a legitimate website. After a few basic questions, I was presented with an offer of employment.  I was advised that I will receive a check to purchase the necessary equipment valued at over $2000. Then I was asked if I had a G1 Time Tracker. Since I don't, I was asked to purchase a Google/Amazon or eBay gift card for $200. I stated I was not comfortable purchasing a gift card for employment equipment and I ended communication.
Told me I had a work from home job with it, they told me I had to purchase materials needed for the job. Lost $1900. They contacted me through text, calls, and they would call but never say anything.

Contact made through email about his job by Rita Hayes online-com) 647-2698 promised $3000 per month to open take and post pictures and music. Main source of contact was through main-crm.com with Amanda Newell. Received books, tablets, mobile speakers, etc. No payment and now they want me to ship internationally to USAT VASILEVICH VOROTINSKAYA - 6. 2, 057 Moscow, Russia 125466.
Today I did some research into At Home Gift Wrapping service and I discovered they are a gift. This is largely because I was recently offered a position as a gift writer. I went to Prime Gift Center's website http://primegiftcenter.com and even though it looks clean and risky there are some things that make me suspect something is going on. First of all, their phone number never works! I tried multiple times to contact them but have never gotten through to anyone. They have someone open your package, inspect the product, and ship that package using a shipping label they provide. It all sounds too much like those songs I've read about online.
A woman on screen advertised a work from home job, making a decent wage per hour. She then had me download WhatsApp and get into contact with another person to do an online interview. I was interviewed with typical questions, never spoke to anyone on the phone. Then when the question part was completed the person told me I would need to purchase a number of things including a brand new IMAC computer, a computer, filing machine, writing machine, printer, phone and a few software programs. They stated they would provide the funds to do so.
Received a text from Amazon about a temporary position as a Mystery Writer. don't apply!
Prime Gift Center contacted me by email. When you agree to the first email stating that you have applied for this position, they send you another email with interview questions you need to answer. Obviously, you received another email, once you're done with your assessment stating you have been qualified for a position that will allow you to work from home for a great amount of money. In the attachment of that email, they also fabricated a 1099 form that you also need to fill out. At first, the pay is attractive: working from home receiving packages and then wrapping them up with creative wrap and artistic details. You need to deliver the item to the customer. All this for $2000 per month working 10 hours from home and also receive benefits, 2 paid holiday and 10 paid sick days. A dream come true! The phone number for this company (614) 362-0044 is always busy This company is not listed on the Ohio Secretary of State Businesses website There is no logo for this company. On their web site, the customer has no links to order such a  special wrapping  for the package they purchase. Wrapping random package from people you don't even know from my home that customers don't even know of, is a total sin. I've sent an email yesterday to Paul Christopher at.  paulchristopher@primegiftcenter.com for this matter, and until now, no response.
Offers fake acting and modeling jobs and sends fake cash checks for you to deposit and eventually buy after moving it. His email is also johnmueller004@gmail.com This fake website takes pictures from other public places and has been reported several times. The website has also been capitolworldproduction.com and bistlineproductions.com. This person finds people through Backstage and other acting/modeling websites. Has also gone by the name of Mark and Ronald. Has been reported several times, keeps continuing with same pictures. The pictures have  been traced back to multiple different business websites who have been notified about this case. They still have the same job and just run the business.
They pretended to hire me as an agent and sent me a fake check of $2000 to deposit for  our materials too  and the check was taking time to go through so they asked me to just buy the  new materials out  from my own money and that they would hire me later but I refused this. I later found out from the bank that the check was fake and when I brought this up to the company my person of contact (Kim Oliphant) ignored me.
 I was contacted by a Davis Butler via text about a data entry/customer service manager position with a company called H2 Wellness. They claim my resume was reviewed on indeed and that I was to download an app called Telegram, set up an account and contact a certain person (stephanievaughn@H2Wellness). I went along with it and contacted her. She conducted and interview through the Telegram app and said she needed to review my answers with a supervisor, so I needed to stay online so she can complete that. Which seemed very odd to me. After a couple of minutes she came and told me I was hired.   The pay was $16/h during training and $27/h after training. Job is work from home, with a flexible schedule, full time. All which seems too good to be true. My next steps were to get on Skype and message a Colonel agent, their hiring supervisor so they can start my paperwork and get my sent me a check to get my laptop, printer, iPhone X and software for the equipment. They told me they needed my name, address, phone number and picture of my id. I did speak with Mr John earlier, he told me my check should be coming through, and sent me a tracking number so i can tell them when it arrives.He also told me that the check will be coming by Paali Enterprises, their banking company. That was my first red flag. By now I have already talked to my spouse and other family members, we determined that this was in fact a SCAM. I did give them the information asked, the check came, delivered by FEDEX, the check was not in an envelope, just placed in the packaging. I DID NOT cash the check or contact them after I received. I closed those accounts used to speak with them and deleted the apps. Check will be needed. 
It is starting an exceptionally huge research project in your general vicinity. This project happens each week, so we need to choose Shoppers to work as a store manager. You will get $400 on each day. Every task requires 20-30 minutes of time at the store in addition to time to review your post-visit reports. CLICK THE LINK BELOW TO PROCESS YOUR APPLICATION: https://cutt.ly/zjI7njd David Clinton -(Manager)
They money back guaranteed that you would generate job interviews with a professional re-written resume and linked-in profile. They provide the word documents but it never generated the traffic on my linked-in page or posted new resume. I requested a drink as per their stated guarantee and yet to get one and they are giving me the run around. After I complained to them I started getting more supposedly job offers but it was from the same person . Sam said  to try a hook me again so they would have to return my money as they advertised. They send me a supposedly letter in Pay. but it has been on hold since June 2,2021 but they sure did take my money back on September 2,2020 the same day of 147.00 and the money on hold is 140. A total rip off and they should be shut down I'm sure I'm not the only one wanted by this company. They are using different ramen addresses as well and head by symphony solutions on par with the email of resumewrittingsolutions@gmail.com and person name is Sam Oke
I received a job offer and of letters letter from Sonic Healthcare USA (see attached). They sent me a check to purchase office supplies for 3,850 which bounced. Before the checked bounced I was instructed to get (2) 1,000 money orders and $1,500 in cash and send to their vendor for my office equipment. I have nor received any office equipment. I received another check from them which I deposited and took my 3,850 back and they are demanding the balance. I requested to speak to someone, but the will only communicate through voice messages. I tried contact the fire department from the number I found online, no one answers. I tried typing in the name of the Supervisor listed on the offer letter in the company directory, he does not exist. Now they are sending threatening messages which I am not responding to. I will send you all the contact info that I have to locate these crimes. The money orders, 2 @ 1,000 (serial #'s 2696683418  and  26966883420 ) and cash) was given to: Eleanor Anzaldua 712 Front St. House 1 Oakland, CA 93215. Her cash app id is $EleanorAnzaldua (which was returned as fraud). The other cash app that they tried to have me send it to, also came back as fraud ($Mhoefflin - Mark Hoefflin).  They have my driver license info.
An individual contacted me claiming to be an unpaid representative of Tencent Holdings Ltd. This particular company is a private company and is a legitimate business. They claimed to have found my resume on  Career-Builder.com where I placed my application looking for employment. This individual offered me an interview for a Project Management position paying 55 dollars an hour. I have no prior experience and my resume reflects that fact, however, this individual said they would be willing to work with me and provide training for the position. I looked up the job posting and found a new posting on file for the position, however, when we were arranging the interview, the individual refused to agree to a video call. This was a large red flag. I also got in contact with Tencent Holdings and they had no record of being in contact with me for a possible interview.
My minor child received a PhD and a W2 from a company that she never worked for. Please help! Thank you,                    
I was contacted by "Alex Jones" from Blaze Staffing Solutions about a position at Verizon that had an amazing compensation package. We talked and I explained I was interested. I did not know this was a plan at this point. Alex said I needed an online Product Owner certificate and ensured I used a company called ExpertsLearn by offering me $600 off the $1100 fee. I paid the other $575 using my credit card through Paypal. I took the exam and received the certificate. When checking with my supervisor and others in the whole world, come to find out this certificate is not valid and/or no one has heard of it before. I'd like my money back. She contacted me after I passed the exam and set up 2 interviews with her, one on Jan 18 and one on Jan 20. No one ever called me to discuss the position and I can't reach them now. I feel stupid and used but wanted to get this out there in case Blaze Staffing Solutions is a real company and this guy is just using them as a front, or maybe the whole thing is a trap. Is there any way to get my money back? I tried calling the bank and they said they couldn't do anything.
(I had been searching for a work from home job during 2007 while my children were doing distance learning.) I saw a posting in a local community Facebook page about a work from home job for a new areael company paying $22 an hour. I called the company and it seemed to be an actual company hiring for customer service positions. I contacted the woman who posted in a messenger expressing my interest in the job. She encouraged me to download a mobile app called Telegram. I did and I connected with an interview from what seemed to be the profile of "the company." The interview was a bit unprofessional, with a lot spelling errors. I thought they may be foreign so, although it was a red flag it didn't seem too incredibly out of the ordinary. The interview was pretty standard although it was all done through the email app. They told me I was hired and needed to provide my info to me and to set up my direct deposit and I would be paid for my training. They asked for my name, address, phone number, a photo to use for my employee profile and the name of my bank for their loan department. (I did not provide any account numbers) It sounded weird at first, I had done several phone interviews during Covid and also with different hiring agents and I thought this was maybe how companies were transitioning. (I was unaware and desperately seeking employment during these uncertain times.) But, then it started to get even more weird when they asked me to go to Vegas to get a One dollar Red meal for the amount of $100. The government said it was  for the activation of the online employee portal to access the company and initiate the training. The driver told me it was urgent. It was starting to feel like a possible trap. I contacted the original poster in person. I asked her some questions and she persuaded me saying she would help me with the start up $100. She assured me it was a private company. I went to Atlanta to buy the credit card, and the manager at least informed me it was a possible card, that they see them often. I asked the driver and asked to be put in contact with the company or me directly. They refused to connect me and became very defensive. At this point the driver and the woman from above are facing me simultaneously and it occurred to me they may possibly be the same person. I am unsure, but it was very strange. I said I was no longer interested. I did not send money or account numbers.

It was a car logo wrap supposedly for Ice Mountain Water/Ice Water Co. The wrap is supposedly free and they say they will pay you $395 per week to drive around with the advertising on your car. I didn't call the number to see if they were trying to get any money to do it. The ad claims that the logo wrap is put on your car for free.
I was contacted via email, they said they had found my resume via Indeed.com and had remote work opportunities. The hourly rates were very high. They were very eager to set up an interview as soon as possible which would be conducted via Google Hangouts. The "interview" was via Google video chat. Angela from home laid out the details and then sent a long list of equipment and software I would need to purchase. Here are the name's of the Hardware and software's you will need to start working with:  bull  Apple Mac Pro (15GB t, Touch Bar, Intel 6-Core and Core 8, 16GB RAM, 512GB USB) - Silver (Latest Model)  bull  Apple Magic Keyboard with Power Keypad (Wireless, Cable) (US Edition)  and  Silver  bull Apple Magic Mouse 2 (Wireless, Cable)  and  Silver -U-B 34-Inch 21:9 Curved and QHD HD Monitor with USB Quick Charge  bull  HP Power Pro for All in One Wireless Color Laser Printer, Fast Replenishment Ready (USB)  bulls C to Digital Cable (USB), andbook 3 to DisplayPort Cable Compatible for MacBook  bull Pro 2018/2017, iPad Pro/MacBook Air 2018, iOS 15, Surface Book 2 and More- Gray, 6FT/1.8m(Not Free)  bull Time Tracker  bull Parallels Desktop 14 for Mac (Run Windows on Your Mac) SOFTWARE:  Office 365 for Business .  Sage net with  AccuMail for  Canvas  and  Data-Scan by Google  eMail Lead Grabber by Google  Software by DMAC  WIS by Flowmation Systems  April 2015 Are you familiar with any of these? Yes! Will you be sending me the laptop with the software installed? You will get started with work here, The company as reviewed and process your document Online. The company will provide you with working aids to help make your stay and working experience with the company flexible and Fast. Haven Construction accounting firm will issue out a Price Check and have it sent to you via FedEx or USPS the check will be used to purchase your work supplies to have you be the sole owner of the materials after three month of working with the company, I will provide you with instruction on how to get the working supplies easy and fast without stress or extra cost coming from your pocket has the company doesnot want that for you. Understood At this point I cut them off and blocked their email.
Going to copy paste the email: Subject: JOB INTERVIEW FOR AN ASSISTANT/CUSTOMER SERVICE Dear Dear Applicant, Your resume has been successfully received, reviewed and approved by the entire department of. Inc., for the position of Administrative Assistant/Customer Service Representative  and we believe you are qualified for an online interview via your along with The hiring manager Mrs Mary Greg... Please contact Her through your chat at (marygreg1224@gmail.com) If you don't have a Gmail ID  you are required to set up a Gmail account (mail.google.com) and a Gmail account at (www.google.com/hangouts/) After this process is done. You are to add up Her for the interview. (You can also download any of the mentioned applications on your phone). VERIFICATION CODE: 0100 A simple response is appreciated. Human resource law. Thank you!. So Here's the Last Chat:(only after what this person said) Hello How are you doing today? Great thanks for asking Welcome to . No. I believe you are here for the job interview and training, where you will get to know all about the job position as well as the company information and history? This medium of interview is chosen to enable good,better and clear conversation. We have issues of misunderstanding terms on videos and calls interview.We believe candidates have to understand better and clear what the job is all about and to provide a medium whereby questions can be asked and will be answered so perfectly and understandable. The interview and job listing contains brief details about the company,duties,pay,job benefits,training  and  few questions..Understood? NOTE: Your quick respond really matter most..UNDERSTOOD The name of the company is WIDEX INC., Just follow the signs and you can ask questions when i am through. Let me know when you have finished reading every line. You will be allowed to ask questions later. With each line just respond with Done or YES... Okay I am Mrs. Mary Greg, I  am 52 years old and i am the Head of the  and  Chief Officer (WIDEX INC.), I am responsible for expanding the venture portfolio of the company and in charge of training you about the job position you are yet to occupy and about the company. Briefly introduce yourself indicating your name,age, sex and location.? Next will be the report about the company. Take your time to read well and reply with Okay once you are done reading... Okay? JOB REQUIREMENTS: These are the requirements for the Job...  bull  Must be a U.S. Citizen, Canadian Citizen.  bull  Must be fluent in communication and English.  bull  Must have a clean criminal record.  bull  Must be at least 30 cm average.  bull  Must be 18+ average.  bull ied with Microsoft Office.  bull  Strong organizational skills.  bull  Possess good written and communication skills. I do believe you have no issue's above? I am about to provide you with the company info now, i also need you to read carefully and understand it okay? INTRODUCTION: It is a hearing aid manufacturer based in Lynge, Denmark and with branches worldwide including USA, CANADA, USA etc., It was founded in 1956 by the T.ov and Westermann families Our mission is to provide the absolute best hearing aids and customer services. We offer the most advanced, natural sound on the market. Our products let people connect and communicate easily. The closest office location to you will be completed estimated three months from now. The position and job done for now will be done from home till the office is completed  and: As soon as you are confirmed qualified, the company will provide you with complete office equipment to setup a mini office at home. You will be assigned to the nearest office as soon as its completed, but that is if you are confirm qualified and accepted for this position... Okay? Here's the company website www.widex.com You are required to use (TEN) minutes of your time to glance through the website and read more about the company. Let me know as soon as you are done so we can proceed with the wedding, okay? The skills and experience on your resume would be a valuable asset to our company. Under your region for now we have 56 Full time/Part time employees, 33 Flexible Contract workers and 10 Superior Officers. The Flexible Contract workers are known as the Younger Workers and there training will last for one month, due to they only have the necessary skills, but lack the needed experience. Your training will last for just one weeks due to you already have the required skills and experience We have three working sections which are ( Morning, Evening and Full day ).. The Morning section  begins from Monday, Evening section opens, Full day section cover's both Morning and Evening sections with one hour break between 1pm and 2pm, Monday to Friday. You are to choose a convenient section weekly...Okay? Not every week (because I asked Why Weekly) This is an Office/ Online and work from home job the working hours are flexible and you can chose to work from anywhere of your choice You will be paid $30 per hour during working hour's and $21 during training hours. You will receive your payment Weekly / Bi-weekly via Check or a Direct Deposit depending on your convenience. You will be working 30-40-50 hours weekly and if you are employed you are going to be working as a full employee RESPONSIBILITIES/DUTIES/FUNCTIONS/TASK: Data entry/administrative tasks, Managing client information in computer system Running and processing multiple documents utilizing Microsoft Word, Mail, and Access to purchase orders Other various administrative tasks,Inputs information from a variety of sources into a computer database. May take customer orders and enter them into a pre-established tracking system Assignments will be sent to you via e-mail or IM and you will report directly to your immediate supervisor...Can you handle these duties? Yes This is strictly an online and work from home job till all outlets are fully opened and you will earn $30 hourly and $21 per hour for training. I believe working from home will not be a problem for you...? Next will be the Question and Answer segment...Can we proceed? 1. Are you currently employed? 2. Do you seek Full time or Part time Job? 3. Do you have a Printer, Scanner,Photocopier and Mix machine? 4. How do you handle work under Pressure? 5. Do you have an idea of how to use anie? 6. In your current or last position, what were your most significant accomplishments? In your career so far? 7. What is your typing speed? 8.What Carrier network service name are you  making use of  on your phone? Post Paid? What? 9. Have you been in the military before? 10.  Have you ever been interviewed online before by a different company? 1 Y  WORKING SCHEDULE: 1. How many hours are you willing to Work per day? (1 Minimum per day or 10 Maximum per week) 2. What time range? 3. Why Interval? (Weekly or Bi-weekly) 4. How would you like to be paid if been offered this position. Via Direct Deposit, Wire Transfer  or Via check, what means of payment would you prefer weekly or Bi weekly? We offer $3 hour Plus Health,dental and Paid Vacation Benefits available also 5. What is the name of the Bank Do you Operate with to see if it agrees with the company's official salary payment account? How long have you been operating with them? Do you have a credit card? We have these company benefit's which  include : Benefits: 401( k ) retirement account, Education assistance, Health, Dental, Life and AD and D Insurance, Employee Welfare, Sick leave, Vacation and Holidays with Generous Company benefits: should all this include your husband/wife,kids,family or you alone..? Yes If selected for this position, how would you go about establishing your credibility quickly with the team, especially since your office will be setup at home and work being done from home.? -  Also what do you see yourself doing within the first 60 days of this job? Sounds wonderful, can you think of anything else you'd like to add in general (Hobby e.t.c) anything about you.? Well i have to say that i am very impressed with your answers and i am 90% confident that you will be confirmed qualified for this position. You are required to hold online for 10 to 15 Minutes. I need to forward our conversation to the Head of Department to enable them see if you are qualified and fit for this job. I will be right back. I'm back with the result of the job interview. Due to your level of experience and communication skills and with every reasonable answers you have provided during the Job interview segment. The company has decided to give you a chance for you to work for the company. We will like to see your niece, Charisma, Commitment to this job. Congratulations!!! You are welcome to  WIDEX INC., You are now given chance to show your commitment, courage, confidence and be a productive employee. You will be attached to one of our supervisor's in your position. He or She will be aware of your training and daily duties. Also He or She will contact you on phone as soon as your working assignments are available, to schedule when to meet you in person along with your working paper's and get to know you better as a worker.Also your attached supervisor will put you through your training schedule, also put you through our company guidelines and regulations...Okay? You will receive your duties online everyday and i will always be online to assist you with any difficulties Your Primary duties Tracks data and source documents. Prepares and sorts source documents, and identifies and stores data to be entered.examines, sorts and measures data for accuracy.Contacts responsible parties or clients from other organisation  to resolve moderately complex questions, inconsistencies, or missing data. Also perform Records keeping, accounting/data entry and performing a variety of other office tasks account balancing, financial recording,proper data analysis of sales records and recording pay slips into accounting database. Now, your secondary daily duties would be to report to your Supervisor, who would be attached to you online, He/She would assign logs of duty daily and you would be required to work according to instructions, using the Microsoft Office tools and the Accounting software. Can you handle the Job duties if you are being trained towards it? You will be receiving your own paper work, Company HandBook and a document during your orientation and training from your supervisor, you are to fill,sign and send back to us,we take out taxes....Okay? You'll earn $30.00 hourly, you will receive your pay via direct deposit or pay check weekly- bi weekly.. Let me know if you accept the company offer so we can proceed.? Working hours are flexible, all activities and corresponding time are to be recorded in each format. As for your duties, i will assist you with any difficulties by email.. You will work Mon-Marie, is that okay with you? You will be undergoing a week training and orientation which will commence as soon as you have all working materials and you are rest assured that you will be paid for it You will be given your Employment Offer Letter and a new document which will be coming along with your working materials during your orientation and training,you are required to read, fill, sign and send back to us our copy Employment Offer Letter as soon as you are done...Okay? In the mean time i need you provide me with the following requested info for certain purpose Name : Address : (PO Box not valid) City : State : State: Cell # : E-mail address: so that my secretary can put you on register, Once done let me know. Your info's will be  enlisted and updated...Once more Congratulations The Supervisor, who would be attached to you online, He/She would assign logs of duty daily and you would be required to work according to instructions, using the Microsoft Office tools and the Accounting software. Now the function of the Accounting software is to arrange, organize and manage the data you have processed, sent to your supervisor via E-mail....Okay? You will need some Data entry/Accounting software to commence your training and orientation and also you need the software to get started with work since you are working from home... Here are the name's of the software's you will need to start working with LIST OF THE: Intuit QuickBooks Accounting Software,Sage Simply Accounting Accounting Software,Peachtree Complete Accounting Software,AccountEdge Accounting Software for Windows,AccountEdge Accounting Software for Mac,Sage 50 Premium Accounting 2013 (formerly Simply Accounting),Business Finance software,Bookkeeper software,QuickBooks Pro 2012 software,The General Ledger,software,9.5,Bottom Line Accounting software,Balance Sheet Basics software...Affymetrix version. 5 (5.0, 5.1), 2 (1.0, and 1.3 GenePix version 3.0, 4.1, and 5.0 in version 2.1.16 Open version 1.0 and version A.6.1.1, A.7.1.1 and A.7.1.2 Are you familiar with any of these software's? No worries you will be trained... The company will provide you a free Apple laptop with a fast internet connection and your work form will be coming along with the working materials you need to start working with,you are to purchase all your materials from a certified vendor we have been training for years now.You will receive a check for the purchase of the working materials,the company's accounting team will issue the check and have it sent to your house via email,they will have it sent to the address you have just provided so i suppose the name you provided is same on your bank info....? Great.. The funds for the software/working materials will be provided for you by the company via check, make sure you use them as instructed for the software and i will refer you to the vendor you are to purchase them from okay As soon as the check for your materials has been issued out to you i will identify you and provide you with the tracking number so you can keep track of it and know when it gets to you okay Getting the check will be a task assigned to you by the accounting team.This task from the Tax team is to test your knowledge on the hard side of the job. Once you receive the check you are required to have it deposited in to your bank account via your bank ATM Or your Mobile banking App.,after deposit the funds will be credited and available in your account immediately or  the next day morning. I suppose you will be able to handle this task without any problems? Good to know that and I believe you are familiar with ATM deposits and Mobile deposit? It's a task to every employee working from home to see the are there abilities and how they can handle company funds Those way are very easy and convenient Good...All we need from you is good work and trust, you will enjoy every moment working with us, a Contract form and your own Form will be coming along with the working materials you need to start working with. Once again!! Congratulations on your new job Position. We are looking forward to your great commitment, Dedication and That's all for now, you are to report to me Tomorrow morning via Google and at 8 am your time for update on the check,task and on how to get started with work. I will be expecting you online tomorrow morning at 8 am. Bye for now and stay Blessed Good Morning How are you doing today? Great thank you for asking I believe you are ready and available to get started with the company?? An email has been sent to you Kindly confirm that and get back to me Kindly review the offer and let me know when you are done with that Do you accept the offer? You are to email back to signed copy of the offer letter along with your ID card as it was stated on the letter Good I believe we can proceed with the first task/training section of the company now I believe you know that the first task assigned to our employee is purchasing of the materials from our accredited after we get you the check for material purchase While posting your profile, I received a text that you bank accepts the online mobile check deposit feature, where you take a picture of your check and have it deposited, is that correct? Are you also aware that the check does not have to be given to you, it can be passed to you, you print it out, cut it to shape and have it deposited? Due to the delay there's a delay with the banking company To avoid any delay the payment department will prepare your check and email it to you, To enable you print it out and make the deposit through your mobile banking App I believe that is clear to you? You can call your bank to set that up Okay Kindly keep me posted when your though Do you want to proceed with the purchase of the equipment now and get fired? Do you have a credit card? Do you want to use your husband credit card to proceed with the purchase The payment department can make a direct payment on the credit card for the purchase of the working equipment The check is for purchase of the working equipment You will deposited the check on your account and use the funds for the purchase Yes You will be making the purchase through the available accredited vendor I believe i made it clear to you all this is a task My last reply: Yes it is s clear. And I'm going to have to repeat my previous agreement. I'm not going to use my husband's credit card to purchase materials and then find out the check isn't real. Thank you for your time. Have a blessed day. Again the email was from: helenakoo2013@gmail.com and the "answer" was marygreg1224@gmail.com
I received an email from what appeared to be an Intuit website stating that I would have an interview with the company. This "interview" was conducted solely over phone chat and there was never a video call or phone call. After agreeing to the interview and completing some "training tasks" the director stated that there would be training material sent to my house. I notice that the email address from said customer seemed odd (did not contain the typical @companyname.com) and contacted Intuit security. The Intuit team informed me that this email did not originated from them and advised me to further report this issue.
Copy of message  Dear Applicant. This is Crystal, you have received this text regarding the Customer Service Rep/ Administrative Assistant/Data Entry Clerk.The starting pay rate is $25.00 USD. Are you familiar with Telegram Messenger? If not, You are required to download the app on the Play or Appstore, you can also click on the link provided below to download the app ( https://telegram.org/ ). Once you are done with the download, you are to set up an account with your Contact number / name and add up the Hiring Manager Mr. Bryan James (https://t.me/bryanjames148). You should also send a message to him in regards for an online interview
I received two texts stating: Someone is beginning an exceptionally huge research project in your area. This project happens each week, so we have to select Shoppers to function as a store manager. You will get $400 on every task. Every task requires 20-30 minutes of time at the store in addition to time to review your post-visit reports. CLICK THE LINK BELOW TO PROCESS YOUR APPLICATION: https://zfrmz.com/dpCbYZe45jCtQdqKFVDq I never clicked on the link. I blocked both numbers. I deleted the first message. The above is the second message on December 18, 2020. Somehow they got my home address and I received a priority mail letter today January 19, 2021 with a return address: Hans Construction 1628 Market Street San Francisco, CA 84103-4321 Inside is a check for $1,950.00 made out to me dated September 23, 2020. There's a letter that says I should evaluate any store selling Nike Gift cards (?? I thought it was Whole Foods - lol). I was to deposit the check into my account, and set my fee if $450 and go purchase three Nike Gift Cards in $500 savings, or whatever amount the store sells. I was to: Open the pack and see the silver scratch-off area on the card. Capture the image of the front and back of the card but not destroy the cards because they will be used for my forthcoming assignment. Then they say they want store information where I purchased them, name of shop and more description of service. Oh and don you t tell the store you you re a secreter!! Then all details and the pictures should be moved to reportsurveyinn@gmail.com Signed by Ray Richmond (346) 242-4768
On September 3rd 2020 I received an email from Amanda Hunter (amanda.hunter@corecapitalassets.com), Human Resources Manager at Novenburg Estates, saying that they have an offer of employment for the vacancy of Assistant Manager. After responding to Amanda's email showing my interest, she sent me more details about the position (please refer to the attached file position here). The offer was a home based position and she said as soon as they look through the online application, one of their Human Resource managers will call me within 2 business days to conduct a brief interview. I submitted my application following the application link provided in the file and 2 days later September 5th 2020 a representative, a man with an Indian accent called me for a brief interview with basic questions. The next day on November 6th 2020, Amanda sent me another email with an attached file containing the link to invite me to create an account in their back office system (https://backoffice.corecapitalassets.com/signup). She asked me, once I would have finished the creation of my back-office account to contact Kate Higgins using my personal message board. Kate Higgins (kate.higgins@corecapitalassets.com) was my personal manager. I was in contact with Kate using emails in the back office system for training, instructions, tasks and guidance. I spoke over the phone with Brian Fuller (phone number 215-845-9455) 3 times, for procedures and tasks and requests. Brian was the Office Manager and indeed the only person I could talk to. I was required as full time employee to do 4 business weeks  + 2-4 days for final determination. I have never received a final contract. During my training, I was asked to open a bank account for work and training purpose in order to withdraw in cash the money I will receive to purchase Bitcoin at specific ATM machine in my area, for clients investments, and send the cash to specific clients. I have done 3 small transactions of this purchase with the money 3 people sent to my bank account using the service Zelle. The people are Nelson Petcher(sent $100), and Rose de Prosperi(sent $75), the third transaction was a wire transfer from Bank Of America industrial LLC(sent $455). I purchased in total Bitcoin worth $300 via 2 different online websites and 1 Bitcoin ATM. After working my schedule from 9am to 5pm every day since November 9th, I have never received my salary, beside $200 as first part of my salary paid on December 3rd 2020 via transfer on my work bank account and $130 I received as bonus for the tasks I have done. To date, I worked over two months for Novenburg Estates, and have not received payment for hours worked to date!! On December 9th 2020, Kate Sent me an email offering me a new opportunity. The opportunity was to become a Business Account Owner, in order to deal with corporate clients and larger investments amount from $30,000 to $90,000. Becoming Business Account Owner I would receive increase of salary rate From $27/her to $35/hour and bigger bonus. Kate needed me to confirm my interest in the opportunity by confirming my personal information such as first and last name, correct email address and my SSN. She told me they needed my personal data for application filling and LLC registration. Business Account Manager was an extension/upgrade of my existing position of Assistant Manager. I declined the new offer and asked to work normally, the time to master all the parts of my work as Assistant Manager. So I continued to work normally and on December 11th 2020, Kate told me to monitor my bank account for possible funds allocation. I didn't receive any funds until December 14th 2020 she asked me again to monitor my bank account for 2 mini deposits from clients in order to verify my account in the system for future transactions. The same day on December 14th 2020 Brian called me to require that I answer to Kate, and I told him I already did letting her know that I didn't receive any money. So Brian asked me to send Kate a photo of my bank account, what I did. I continued to monitor my bank account every day, the transactions never showed up, until December 22nd when my online account access stopped working. I called my bank Wells Fargo on December 23rd and I have been told my bank account was blocked for fraud suspicion. And I had to make an appointment and visit a branch to check my account, what I did on December 30th 2020. I the meantime I sent numerous email to Kate via the system from December 21st 2020 to January 12th 2021 to inform about my salary, my employment status, my account blocked by the bank, information about the origin the amount and the purpose of the wire transfer I received... Kate never answered to all of my concerns. After a Google image search of Kate Higgins picture from her back office profile, it appeared that the picture corresponds to a different name Holly Hirshfield. I came to the conclusion that I have been raped and immediately reported my experience to the police who offered me a case number. This apparent change is unusual as no money exchanged hands...YET.  It began with them offering small amounts of money to invest and then I became suspicious after increased requests for more personal information that made me more vulnerable to being questioned.
The woman who called was hard to understand.  She sent me emails stating there was employment for me. Asking me to supply my license info and copies.  I sent basic info and realized she was a lot older. So i replied not interested.
This is a social marketing agency with no experience or credentials forcing young people to sign up for 100% commission roles and asking businesses to pay for their services. They offer a dual cell type structure for employee retention. They invited my to an interview that I never applied for. Many similar in Miami (Baires, Lima, ABC, etc)
Received an email that the person had found my resume online and I matched the position they wanted filled. After several emails back and forth received info about the headquarters office in SC but that they would be opening an office in my city in mid February 2021. They promised a laptop and printer for use for the position. Still no request for money. After continued relentless emails that they really needed someone in my area I began to further research the company and on doing nothing with their name shows. I called the property manager of the office building and verified if in that Suite that company was housed and in very clear language they specified that no such company existed at their building. Additionally I also noticed that on the BBB listing for their name they are not accredited and a file had been opened just a week prior. I have called them and told them I am not interested in the position as they don't seem to be a legitimate business.
I applied for a position through indeed.com as an remote Education Support Services Specialist on September 23, 2020. I received a text inviting me to interview for the position on January 16, 2021 from someone named Meghan from Global Health Care. She sent me an invite through Google Hangouts to interview with Stella Cole. After proceeding through the interview I was offered the position and told to be available online on July 18th for further information on training, I was also given a web address (willardschools.net) to review. On the 18th She handed me a check that she claimed was to purchase necessary equipment and software. I submitted the check through to my bank and the check was put on an extended hold. I then did more research on the company and position and felt that the job was not legitimate. I called the number on the website provided by the provided me and was told that there had been several calls reporting that the same thing had happened to them and it was reported to me that there is no position and that the school believes someone is using there logo and website to start with. At this point I can't do anything about the check that was deposited as I have to wait and see if it is rejected and used and then probably pay a fee.
I noticed a job posting for a work from home shipping agent. I applied, received a contract and began the 30 day probation period. This included receiving packages, taking pictures, posting to the website, printing off a new label and shipping out again. They pay $25/box for the training period, then supposed to be a $3500/month salary thereafter. I received an email from me stating I completed probation and was then a paid employee. I was supposed to receive my first security check last week - nothing. I called, called my manager, pay and all and still nothing. After some more research, it sounds like a shipmenting ship.
I received an e-mail and text from a company that called themselves "Outcome," claiming that my resume had been shortlisted. I never applied to this company. They provided no information about the job. They claimed to be a marketing firm in Chicago, but when you searched the address, there was no company by that name listed. Their website was a single page and obviously fake and the company does not exist in any credible databases. They listed a number of fake clients in a group of interview and ended the call before anyone was able to question anything.
Hi, Please make time to read all important notes as this is your guide on how to do your tasks. KINDLY READ: Important Notes   Attached here is the Manual.  Kindly download the document. It will illustrate you every step you need to take to process packages properly. Please find time to review it.   Changing of Address is prohibited for the first 30 days to confirm security of packages. You can request changing of address when you are no longer in Question Period.   For future reference, this is how we deal with packages missing: 1. double check this pack with your family members, they might have received the pack 2. double check this pack around your house ( porch, outside the door, trash bin outside, all) 3. double check this pack with your nearest neighbors. It happens sometimes that the delivery man brought the pack in your neighbor's house. This happened before on one of our employees. If there is a need to mention the name of the customer of the pack, please do so. 4. if still not found, call carrier and report a claim on the missing pack so an investigation will be initiated.   PLEASE don't open the Manufacturer's box or Device box. You are allowed though to open just the brown carrier's box.    Steps on how to place pictures correctly in your Dashboard: 1. Make sure " Task Accepted" and " Received" is clicked. 2. Click " Photo" to a picture of the product. Click " Packing List" to read more. 3. Go to Select Files. 4. Select the picture and click Open. 5. Wait till the loading bar turns  100%. 6. Read the page and double check if the photo is still there. Note: If you're getting an error or if your photo doesn't show in your database, edit your photo so that picture size will be smaller. If possible, use mobile phone to take pictures as they come in small size. Read the page then and reload the photo.   Remove Invoice or Packing list from the package after taking pictures to avoid double taxation.   If you receive a package not showing in the store, please report it as an Unknown Package. Refer to the following steps: 1) Go to Packages. 2) Click on REPORT UNKNOWN PACKAGE button 3) Enter all the information of the package. 4) Click Save.   If you will be on leave, kindly follow 1 week notice. Provide us ahead your scheduled leave for approval.   For resignation cases, please contact us in advance so we can process your clearance from the company and so we can stop sending packages to be inspected. Please let me know if you have any concerns.? Thank you and have a good day!? --- Kind regards, Perla Wilcox Supervisor   Shipping Department Direct number: (313)2175244,R 15135 Hamilton Ave, Block C-12, Highland Park, MI 48203 (888) 509-9271 Mon-Sun 09:00AM-06:00PM EST Sat-Sun Closed
Hi, Please make time to read all important notes as this is your guide on how to do your tasks. KINDLY READ: Important Notes   Attached here is the Manual.  Kindly download the document. It will illustrate you every step you need to take to process packages properly. Please find time to review it.   Changing of Address is prohibited for the first 30 days to confirm security of packages. You can request changing of address when you are no longer in Question Period.   For future reference, this is how we deal with packages missing: 1. double check this pack with your family members, they might have received the pack 2. double check this pack around your house ( porch, outside the door, trash bin outside, all) 3. double check this pack with your nearest neighbors. It happens sometimes that the delivery man brought the pack in your neighbor's house. This happened before on one of our employees. If there is a need to mention the name of the customer of the pack, please do so. 4. if still not found, call carrier and report a claim on the missing pack so an investigation will be initiated.   PLEASE don't open the Manufacturer's box or Device box. You are allowed though to open just the brown carrier's box.    Steps on how to place pictures correctly in your Dashboard: 1. Make sure " Task Accepted" and " Received" is clicked. 2. Click " Photo" to a picture of the product. Click " Packing List" to read more. 3. Go to Select Files. 4. Select the picture and click Open. 5. Wait till the loading bar turns  100%. 6. Read the page and double check if the photo is still there. Note: If you're getting an error or if your photo doesn't show in your database, edit your photo so that picture size will be smaller. If possible, use mobile phone to take pictures as they come in small size. Read the page then and reload the photo.   Remove Invoice or Packing list from the package after taking pictures to avoid double taxation.   If you receive a package not showing in the store, please report it as an Unknown Package. Refer to the following steps: 1) Go to Packages. 2) Click on REPORT UNKNOWN PACKAGE button 3) Enter all the information of the package. 4) Click Save.   If you will be on leave, kindly follow 1 week notice. Provide us ahead your scheduled leave for approval.   For resignation cases, please contact us in advance so we can process your clearance from the company and so we can stop sending packages to be inspected. Please let me know if you have any concerns.? Thank you and have a good day!? --- Kind regards, Perla Wilcox Supervisor   Shipping Department Direct number: (313)2175244,R 15135 Hamilton Ave, Block C-12, Highland Park, MI 48203 (888) 509-9271 Mon-Sun 09:00AM-06:00PM EST Sat-Sun Closed
I received an email from MCI/ Mass Markets, through Indeed.com, calling me about a remote job.    I filled out many forms including giving my security #, my drivers license # and my passport information.  I was to go to work the following work day and receive an email with a link for a new class for training, I have heard nothing back from MCI, nothing.  They have my personal information and they have left me with nothing, not even a response to my emails. Now I am worried about this group having so much personal information. I was HAD.
I was contacted for a position I had applied for. WSE Community is the name of the so called company. They sent me an email this am with my start date of today. I just now asked them for their card containing their company name and address, phone number, etc. I cannot wait to see it! I told them I had to report that to Unemployment office in the State of Texas. It's so evil in my opinion when people are honestly trying to work. I am already vulnerable, too, because Unemployment is just not paying in TN in a normal fashion. I want to pay my bills so I am stuck. There are so many trees out here. I see why some people just give up and go on the system. Being rejected by a company that has had the same job listed forever and then being sacked can be too much to bear. Thank you so much for the forum!
Hi. I would like to report a job, which happened to me. I was hired by the company, Virtuity Financial Partners under its parent company, World Financial Group on Tuesday, 1/12/21 on Monday( World Financial Group (WFG): Overview   LinkedIn). I went into the company as I was desperate for a job because I applied to over 60+ places within my local area and LinkedIn and didn't receive anything back other than from WFG. I was told by the two people who hired me, Richard Duenas and his boss named Ben Klinger that I needed to pay an initial investment in order to "Get your life insurance certification". This investment was done through (), XCELSOLUTIONS($30), and Elite Training Company). During that time I gave my entire credit and credit card information, my entire social security number and personal information over Zoom where they joked about using my cards to buy fancy Nike shoes for them. I later learned I was not given the same quality of information I was told by WFG and also learned through Google and Youtube WFG has conducted bad practices which I never knew prior to the job interviews. For instance, thel - ing from Bing and Is it a SCAM? World Financial Group Review - Bing video from Youtube. I contacted Richard Duenas about this where he did not give me any more answers. I later quit the job and have filed several disputes with Bank of America over my purchases and tried to keep my accounts on XCELSOLUTIONS and Elite Training Library. I did not receive any response from Brian Klinger, Richard Duenas or those companies. I am a summer student at the University of La Verne studying International Studies and am currently conducting my senior year, which is expected to end at the end of Spring 2021. I am shocked that I have been placed on time and am incredibly sad as I am currently a broke student.
I used a reverse image search to track down the original source of the pictures they used for their staff and found out that it was from an obituary for a local vice president. Here is the link. I then called them and a woman with an Asian accent answered the phone. I asked her if the company was a. and she said no. I then brought up the use of a fake image for a staff member and was promptly hung up on. http://kickboxingbih.ba/in-memoriam-slavisa-krunic/
I was offered the position of Account Manager. Seeing as I never applied, I thought this was too good to be true. All I needed to do was work 4 hours a day from home transferring money that was going to be sent to my "business" account, and use that money to buy books. I was going to make $4100 a month plus 5% transfer fees. Upon looking at the website, all the other "offered jobs" came up as unavailable once I clicked on them. Also the jobs were for FL, when the company says it's based out of town. Searching the address, it is a known place for people to have a "virtual" office with a nice address.  SCAM.
Enereco S.p.A reached out and wanted to have an interview for the position of customer service and data entry, they told me to download them, I signed on and they said they were busy that I should wait online, they came back on and conducted the interview over text messages, they declined doing a video interview. They offered me the job immediately and said they will send me a check to buy a brand new HP computer and some software. The job responsibilities listed were for accounting majors but they called it a customer service job. Also they offered paid training for $30 and pay rate $35. The job posting is not listed on the website, neither does Enereco have any presence in the US, yet the server typed otherwise. Also the reviewer wrote that "I should not feel like this job is not real"
Contacted by email by Jeffrey Brown for the position as Customer Service Officer. Was told he saw my resume on Career Builder. Email stated I will receive a phone interview from me. After the phone interview I was contacted by email from Jeffrey Brown stating CONGRATULATIONS and for me go to the project panel a work panel where I completed all paperwork including purchasing my ID and SS card for the I-9, my bank info for direct deposit. Jeffrey Brown texted me stating there would be a 1 week training with no pay, that was the first red flag for me. He then stated salary would be once a month at 3500 a month. He also asked that I read and study the company history that's on the portal and everything about the company. When time came for my first day of work I received a message from Jeffrey Brown saying they would like for me to be district manager over my area which that was another flag. He stated He would contact me which she did and I began to ask her questions like why anyone ever answers the phone when I call,  and I read a review someone stated they worked a full month a did not get paid and she called the number also but no one answers. She could not answer my questions correctly and I told her I need to talk personally with Jeffrey Brown. I called him and stated I had questions to be answered and needed him to call me I never received that call. Something needs to be done about these people are not right and when I came to this Web site I saw this business under Scams and some story  that is same as mine. We are concerned that these people have our personal information such as ID, and SS number and bank account info that was requested on the portal for direct deposit in which I have now cancelled. Thank you
Posing as a  work from home opportunity and asking for age and date of birth. I fell for it, hope no one else does.
I was contacted by Andrew Keen by Text, asking me to call about an Operations Manager position with Zelisoft. I called and he asked me several typical TV interview questions. He said he would let me know in 48 hours if I was successful. He called on it and said that I was hired. During that time I looked on Linkedin and searched for a website with more info. I could not find details on her,nor the company. They are clever as the name can easily be confused with Zelio Soft, which is a huge multinational company. The plan is that they tell you they are opening a new office in Fort Lauderdale, they will be providing a laptop and in order to provide you with office supplies, they are going to send you a certified check.This is the way to gain personal data-  https://zelisoftsystems.com/ Andrew Keen - Human Resources Director. 9: 289-544-9655. Email a.keen@zelisoftsys.com. I have attached the offer letter. Please learn of this individual.
Heraeus Group wanted to have an interview at 2pm.  I signed onto their preferred instant messenger (Telegram) and was told to kindly hold on as they were busy.  Thirty minutes goes by, they finally come back on and tell me to please return at 4:30 today.  Also said this was an IM interview only, that we did not need to to a video interview.
I applied on indeed for a remote personal assistant job. I received an email if interested to give some basic information and it explained about the business and job. It seemed too good to be true so I looked it up and only found a page which this is not where it is s for. I went on chat with her and gave me the number to call which was the same with the same name and she knew of this because there's been a lot of calls and was trying to report it.
So they get hold of you as a job work from home saying that are accredited to company that's been forever and they want you to apply for this job do they do a online interview and literally it to two hours or more and then all of a sudden they need me to give my account password so they can download all my work orders on a Apple ProBook and then I didn't think there was a good idea but I did it anyway unfortunately and then they wanted my ID picture of my ID and I thought well well well no freaking way so I didn't give them that and that's when they told me I needed to pay them $40 through cash app otherwise I would lose my balance and I did they changed it and I can't get any of my pictures are not being so they're going through you as a job and then scanning you
Company is trying to offer me a job based on my resume and qualifications.  Then they send a  new called Form up  for me to fill out.  This  Data Application Form also  asks for my Credit Card information to include the user name and password for my log in credentials.  It also asks for my bank information such as routing and account number AND the User Name and Password for my online bank account.
and a text message saying I am Paul Manson responding to an application I placed for a real job.  This is the message (name and spelling as received):  you meet the laid out plans for the social assistance job as your information has been received..reply back to confirm you get my text message..Thank you   I'm a project manager for the family company.  Your task and duty is to print out notices and dispatch them at DC or USPS Post Office around you..... the pay is $1200 monthly through direct deposit.  Do you have a personal computer and a printer?  You will need to get the remaining supplies needed to get the job started.. Versa check paper form#1000/#3000 business form  Regular brown envelope size,  plain paper box size  Paper cutter  Regular white.  Note: you get points for all supplies you buy every month He sent a picture of what is supposed to be his work badge with the name John Bryan Hiring Manager DOB 17-05-1975 EMP ID:. I guess he forgot that he used the name Paul Manson at the beginning of his text.  Now he has a badge with the name John Bryan.  He obviously is trying to scare someone.  Who needs me to work in there and really, He wants bank info (going to pay by DIRECT DEPOSIT)
Get paid by allowing Breyer's Ice Cream  place an art based on your vehicle/ Truck. Follow ( https://tinyurl.com/y6dw982u ) to read more and apply. Thank you
Job searching- Client Service Rep. listed $50,000-$70,000 year.   I uploaded my resume and received an email within an hour - scheduled job interview.   The interview was unusual the man couldn't provide many deals on the company.   Interview lasted about noon with him asking me questions not all pertaining to the interview.  Questions like my past city residents.   I was told a second interview would be next.   I received multiple emails and text messages like fifteen to twenty confirming stuff. One email had a link that stated it needed to be done within the hour.  Personal information such as name and address.    I started to get a little suspicious and tried to research the company more.   There is a website but it tells you nothing about the company. I think this is a game so far.
 I responded to a recent job listing about a Heineken promotion - an agreement to install a car car for 3 months, about $500/week.  after answering a series of questions over email ( see application request )  I was accepted and told I would receive a check for $3000. Then once the graphic designer came over to install the mural at my house, they would then give me the other half of the money. Also, I was told I would use the $3000 towards paying the graphic design company for installing the card.    Almost a month later I receive contact from the company that the check should be in the mail. On my porch today 1/16 a Manila folder was left. It looks fake  clearly didn't go through a mail carrier. In it is a check for $3000 and a letter explaining I have to text a number before writing the check. Today  The and I  blew up my phone from 6 am to 4 pm on a Saturday  after weeks of silence. Texts and calls, very unprofessional in the texts. I told them to stop calling me and they said the check is in the mail are you trying to run away with the money, I said don you t worry if I receive the check I will give it straight to the police and there response was,  but why?.  Then proceeded to call me 5 times, I ignored them. This was before I found the sealed envelope on my dresser. Names (maybe fake?): Doug Greg, Constance Polster 
I was allowed to apply for this job. I had applied for multiple jobs on indeed and they had reached out through email asking for my basic email. I received a call asking to interview then they needed my driver license. I had to fill out a tax form which seemed perfect. I just received my first package today  and  a family member told me about this site and now I'm not sure if I should read this package after reading the site reports
I was contact via text if I would be interested in a data entry job for $350 a week for 15 hours a week.   I replied that I was and then I received a follow up text with a job interview question form.   I was prompted several times by the person who will text me if I completed the form.  I said I did and then he said they will review my application and get back to me.   About five days later I received an email with an Employment Offer that I was to sign and email back.     Once I told him I sent it back he said I would be receiving a check that would pay for software needed for the data entry position.  At this point I began to become suspicious that I was being asked especially since the 'employment offer' email was not signed by any individual nor was I contacted in person to set up further arrangements.    I did receive a check with instructions to purchase numerous Amazon cards then photograph the cards and send the images back to them.    The check was made out in the amount of $750.   The next day I received a quick text saying that I had to deposit the check.
Applied to job posting for a Project Manager for Cast-Tech LLC. A secretary contacted me by phone a phone screening and within a week I received an email in regards to the job. First, I would have to complete a basic training class for one month which consisted of case modules on done online. Upon completion and receiving an average grade of an "B" I would then be considered for the position. Less than a week in, the regional manager whom I've been communicating with as me to assist in a side IT project for the office location opening in May 2021. I asked for more details for the side project and he sent me an email on the steps that needed to be completed. In those details he asked for my credit card number in order to transfer funds from the company to me so I could purchase the equipment needed. He also stated that there was a delay in obtaining "company credit cards" so this was the only method in getting the equipment. Once I started to question his method, he not longer responded to my phone calls or emails. THIS IS A!!!!
I believe my friend'e was asked about an employment opportunity from BW Interests LLC which claims to be a contractor under Xtend and Partners. While doing research after she submitted much of the required documents, I could not find any information about my Interests anywhere. I believe they copied the actual job posting from the Navient official page (Link Provided for official posting) https://jobs.navient.com/job/nashville/covid-19-vaccination-call-center-representative-remote-work-from-home-tn-ft/3354/3966920672 and this is the link for the unofficial posting https://www.ziprecruiter.com/c/BW-Interests-LLC/Job/COVID-19-Vaccination-Call-Center-Representative:-Remote/-in-Nashville,TN?jid=a5d3eaeb8f2e31ae I have reason to believe they are going to attempt to use her information for something illegal, please help.
This service is dedicated to providing chat experiences with clients. I applied to be a hostess over a week ago, and have since regretted applying and am surprised that with the amount of concerns addressed in the law review section of it, that this business has not had proper action taken against it. Once you apply, the website asks for various personal information, such as address, SSN#, Identification, etc. While this seems to be pretty standard for employment, it quickly became concerning after I received no response from the website about my request to be a hostess. Even more so, their support email does not work. Apparently their moon is full. What's more, it seems the entire website is broken, because I can not use my password to gain access to my account. This all adds up to being something worth being concerned about, especially considering so many people have issued warnings about their experience with this "service".
just found out through reliable sources (frauds attorneys) website that this company uses stolen credit cards to purchase orders of high value and uses your name as the buyer not the receiver and using shipping labels with your names and phone numbers and emails that are all forged. then have you send them out to people that didnot even purchase the items don't fall for there lies for they seem like they are me,  even had me fill out a tax form so now they have my social security and drivers license.  even writing up from the website indeed and career building, therefore  thought they were right.   don't fall for this company, for they will not pay you and if they do it will be something you cannot cash. only method of contact is email only, yes they give a phone number but can never be reached...
If you get any type of email about a job offer with details about staying at home and making anywhere from 3000 to 4500 a month just to be package ready or shipping out packages donot do it! its crazy and pathetic how these men try to ruin people lives.
The number texted me about a job offer for neo digital technology. Meeting me for a couple weeks telling me the equipment is on the way. Eventually made me sign into ID.me and apply for unemployment in 3 different states. I was able to get into some fake email he made of myself and stop unemployment in two states. I called unemployment in all states that were involved and reported fraud
She offered me a job as a Supply Chain Manager and I gave the employer personal information and I received packages as if I were doing the job and never heard of the employer again.

I was contacted by someone named Marvin that said he got my information from Indeed (job search). He wanted to hire an assistant to help with all project proposals.  He was $600 a week salary. Includes a check for $2600  I informed him that the check arrived after banking hours and that it would be the next day before I could get to the bank. He then proceeded to text threats to me.
The company is a total fraud. I was told I'd get paid for everything after 30 day probation. After 30 days, the check was supposedly paid however got lost in the mail and they reissued another check. After 10-15 days no one called about the so called evaluation whether they would hire or fire. I started to worry and all of a sudden no one is answering the phones or my emails any more. The first check that they stated was lost in the mail never showed so I knew for sure the second wouldn't either. A brand new iPhone came to my home after the probation period from Verizon. I reached out to them only to find that it was a recent transaction paid for with a fake credit card. The whole operation is a way to get us to mail their stolen goods from what I've gathered. It's sad that with all that is going on in the world today people still find time to stop and get over on people for their personal gain. I lost money on materials brought to sell the items and for a brand new upgrade on my printer which they told me I would be given a total bonus on my first check. EWRIX IS A TOTAL!!!
I got an email stating that I would be making $3,000 a month guaranteed to have packages shipped to my door to send out at the nearest location. I didn't think much of it because they said I have to take pictures of the packages and post them to the company office. They asked for my photo ID and asked me to sign a contract. I did it and regret it. I'm not sure if it is s really a dream or not. It seemed legitimate because they have a website, the email matched the website as well as the phone number.
I was contacted by this fake employer offering me a remote Quality Inspector position, paying $2800 a month, plus a $50 bonus per shipping box. I started in May 2020, and began to receive packages to re-ship. I shipped about 10 packages for them in total. I was supposed to get paid today, and they didn't pay me. Before I accepted the job, I searched the MI business records and found them on their website as being a legitimate business. I completed employment paperwork, providing my driver's license, too. I don't know what I have recently been involved in, but I have an awful feeling it was something illegal.
I began a contracted employment position with "IR" (Quality Systems, LLC) as a quality control inspector.  I was promised a salary and bonus and was expecting to get my first months pay yesterday. As of this afternoon my email information is no longer valid, the phones are no longer in service and no one will return my emails regarding me not being paid!
First saw an ad on Indeed for an "office assistant role". I applied for it and then received an email saying to email this person to find out more about the position, and so i did. Then, i received an email from someone named Eleanor Cabrera that described a position for a "quality control associate" at eHub Inspect, which involved receiving packages at my house, sending them, and then shipping them back off. I went through the process and applied and was offered a position. I then had to make an account where i entered some personal information like my address, bank information, and a picture of my drivers license. Through this account i would see what packages i would be receiving, input data, see how much i'm earning, message the "supervisor", and so on. I was told that the first month would be a transitional period where i would receive a less than average number of packages and would not be paid until the month is over. Throughout this month, I would often message the supervisor and ask questions as a new employee would, and I found that the responses were very vague and rarely ever answered my questions. If i sent a message, i would not receive a response for a day or two which i thought to be odd for a company that claimed communication was key between supervisor and employee. My first payment date (the date I was supposed to receive my earnings, which had accumulated to a lot at this point) was scheduled exactly a month after the first day i started sending out packages, which would complete my payment period. As this date approached, I would message the supervisor and would get no response. The date passed and still no response. I tried to contact any email or phone number on their website, which looks very real and credible, and they are all fake. Nothing on the website works. I have tried calling Eleanor Cabrera and the email comes back. All the email addresses on their website bounce back. The phone number does not even ring. I have tried logging back into my account and it wonn't let me. I cannot gain access to anything in the account. However, I kept a record of all the messages between me and the "supervisor". This company and whoever is behind it is a complete stranger. I am sure they have done this to many people and who knows what else is going on behind the scenes.

Hello, Maribeth Callicoat has reached out to me in terms of employment from company/com. She then proceeded to do an interview through the Facebook app. Once i completed my interview i was hired the next day. When she explained the company she then told me that i would receive a vendor check. I called the company and there is no telephone number and seems familiar. I am reporting them because i donot want to be caught up in a trap. Please help
I was initially contacted via text message. They had seen my resume online and wanted to set up an interview.  It was set up through the chat app Telegram. Once offered the job, I was also told they'd pay to help set up in home office. My training consisted of assessments said to be testing my abilities.  They sent a check for 4250. I deposited into my account. Two days later I was asked to withdraw 4000 and perform a cash transaction to pay the people that would be setting the equipment up. The other 250 was a sign up bonus. Basically,  they wanted me to perform the transaction which by the way is impossible and can't be disputed. I was seeing lot of red flags so I inquired at the bank. They made some calls and come to find out, the check was full.  What would have happened is in a few days, I would have been notified the check was written and the money would be removed from my account.  I would have already sent the other money via email. Therefore leaving me 4000 short and a huge mess with the bank.
They have what looks like a big company website, promise of a good paying job. Even did a small interview. Sent me a job offer, I accepted and filled out all necessary papers, which included my bank info for direct deposit. My first task is what stopped me, i was told they were going to deposit between them (from their account) in my bank account .  I needed to go pull it out of my car and deposit it into there on ATM account! I immediately searched again, confirmed it, had to call and close my bank account before they drained it. Like I caught it early!
 On July 4th I found a job opening on Indeed.com for Spanish Translator with a company name listed as Alliance-transportation Group based out of Austin TX, I applied to it by sending my pre-uploaded resume from Indeed. On the night of July 6th I received a text message from this phone number 1-7687 introducing herself as Jasmine Grenier a Temporary Secretary at Grupo Santillana Company, telling me that they were interested in meeting me. She then provided me with the instruction to download an app called Telegram Messenger and to message someone by the name of Gabriel Joaquin on the search app at (702) 814-3096 to begin the interview process. I followed the instructions and was interviewed through the video app that night. They asked about my qualifications per my resume, normal interview questions and the only personal information they asked about was my full name, address, cell number, and email. The next morning I was instructed by Gabriel Joaquin to report at 8am via the app and he would tell me if I was selected.    I followed the instruction so on January 7th, 2021 I contacted Gabriel Joaquin at 8am and he informed me I got the job and would be receiving an employment offer letter the next day. I received the letter on January 8, 2021 via email, but had questions about the missing details so I spoke with Gabriel Joaquin on the Facebook app that day to go through my doubts. I was told that a physical copy would be sent to me but that has not come in as of 14-20. Due to some difficulties with what was explained to me on the Facebook app and the offer letter, I asked for some permission and they updated it and sent it back to me that afternoon (08-01) and I reluctantly signed it and sent it back via email. The same day Gabriel Joaquin explained that "we have several firms, associated and educational institutions that we work for and they will be responsible for providing the funds needed for the purchasing of the materials" by material he meant work materials. He went on to explain that I would receive the checks, deposit them and make payments to vendors for my work materials.    He then told me that Wellsfargo allows mobile deposits and asked what my daily deposit limit was, I provided him with the information and he explained that the would be sending me a check and to let him know when it arrived so he could give me the step by step of how to deposit the funds. I received the first check January 11, 2021 via email, let him know on the Facebook app, and he proceeded to explain how to make the mobile deposit. I made the deposit and sent him a screen shot of the confirmation. My banking app told me the check wouldn't be available until the next day so I informed him of that and our conversation ended for that day (11-20).    The next day 12-12 he reached out to ask about the status of the of the check, I checked in my mobile banking app and it clear, I informed him of that and sent a screen shot. That day (12-20) He asked me to send $850.00 to an apple pay account with a phone number (0-8488. I did that sent a screen shot to him for confirmation and then he asked me to send $350 through Zelle to Herbygirl@hotmail.com First name: Jennifer Last name Hackett. I did that sent the confirmation screen shot to him and then the informed me that I would be getting a second check later that day 12-11. I received it and deposited it and let him know it wouldn't be available until the next day 13-12.    Our conversation ended there. On 13-June he reached out asking me if the money was available which at that when I checked it was. But later when I tried to move the money to the vendors via Zelle I was given an error message that the number I was sending the money to could not receive any more money today. So I talk to Gabriel Joaquin on the Facebook app to tell him that, send the screen shot of the error and he said to wait and try again later.    I tried again around 8am and noticed the check for $1,200 I deposited on 12-11 was gone. I told Gabriel Joaquin, and then called Wellsfargo to ask what the problem was, the customer service guy didn't give much details and told me to check tomorrow to see if the check cleared. I informed Gabriel Joaquin and he asked me to cover the $600 from my personal funds and that I could take the $600 back from the next check. I told him no, and he said it was fine to wait until tomorrow. Today 14-June, I woke up to a message from Gabriel Joaquin asking about the status of the check. I checked my mobile banking app and it didn't clear. I also had a message from my bank in my email saying the check didn't clear due to alter/fictitious reasons. I sent that information to Gabriel Joaquin and he said a new check would be sent. I received the check in my email. I had an appointment with my bank at noon to open a new checking account for this new job, and as I explained the details to the banker of why I needed this new account she alerted me that this was probably a fraud, and that my relationship with my bank would be at risk if I continued to deposit checks and distribute the funds. She also informed me that I am responsible for the amounts on the checks in case after 7 days they aren't fully cleared. She asked me to strongly consider not moving forward with this "new job" or money moving because I would be at greater risk of owing Wells Fargo more money. After leaving the bank I started the reporting process on the Better Business Bureau page. I have not lost any money as of 14-20. Attached is the first check I received. I have 2 other checks and the offer letter saved in case they're needed. 
They called me saying that they found my newnant  on indeed, but I had no messages on indeed. they didnot start out asking for a lot of information. it was when I was already hired that it got big, they wanted me to take funds for packaging and take money from people and give it to them, but after people paid with chryptocurrency and cash. they also told me to take out 5% for my self. I ended up asking them if they could prove that this was reasonable, legal, and not a fraud and they just told me that the customers where rich. also, their website was really really new, and they werenot listed in the building address they gave on the website. I am not sure if its really a dream, but i sure does feel like it.
This firm is a consulting company they will send you a contract to sign as well as provide a work form to fill out making it seem like everything is right they will give you a supervisor that will set up a shop and everything like that. But it you s all a day i received a letter stating im working from a work at home team from a carrier inspection team  they send packages to your house and your send it out to other people but is all stolen packages
I found this company on Indeed.com for a work from home job.  I was sent a contract on line to sign and attach my drivers licenses, and bank information for direct deposit.  I was suppose to receive packages and return packages, take pictures and print a label out, then send the packages through a UPS or email.  I was contacted often from Maria whom claimed to be from Italy (via phone and email).  I was suppose to make $1500 a month and for every package shipped on time I would get a extra $50 per package.  I was also suppose to keep a record of the package and place the information in a data base call https://parcel-assistant.com/user/login.php.  this is where you find the photos, emails and check for packages.  I started on the 19th of November and was suppose to get paid on the 19th of December but the check never came.  I was locked out the online database, and the packages stop coming as well.  I wouldn't say I gave the man money but I did loose time and money.  From driving back and forth to ER and UPS, ink wasted, tape and supplies I brought, and gas.  Money I didn't have but I figured I would get it all back when I got paid.  I was expecting almost $3000 from the pay check.  Im just glad I didn't give them my bank information for direct deposit.
His name is grace where a security shirt and offers you to join his team and says he owns a security business and ask you for banking info to deposit checks but lucky for me I wasn't able to send him the info and after that I called to say I couldn't do it on the day he told me to do it so he can send the info to his IT but then he blocked my calls so I want people to hear of this man.
This person contacted me through the Indeed website for a job opportunity in Atlanta Georgia. I went to the my computer and pulled up the website.  The copyright was  and it is not even two weeks into the new year. I then checked them out with the BBB and discovered other items related to this company.
Due to this I was out of work for 9 months going into December. I received a call on 11/30 from a firm called Quality Services stating they reviewed my resume' and wanted to know if I wanted to interview for a position. The  position involved receiving packages, selling them, selecting and applying a new label, which never had any relationship to the incoming label. The base salary would be $2800 plus $50 for each package handled. Being "handled" would mean picking it up at times, processing it and always taking it  to FedEx or UPS. After the phone interview, The offer was made on the 3rd and packages began to be received on the 9th of December which made the day on 9th. As the 9th approached, she slowed in-coming and stopped on the 7th. The last shipment out was the 8th. That was the last I heard of them. No deposits were made into my account. Calls went everywhere as were emails. They stuck me for $6100.00 (66 packages processed). This evening my link to the control panel was cut off. If it sounds too good to be true, it probably is.
I received a text saying that they found my resume in indeed. I went through with it and they told me to download the entire app to begin my interview. The person talking to me claimed that they were an old manager. When I got the name it came up as such so I believed them. They asked me the usual interview questions and asked for my name, address, email, phone number and some references to start. They told me it was a data entry job. They told me I didn't get the position but they had a real job open. All I would be doing is printing out checks and giving them to their recipients. Simple, right? Well they had me send out a few and when I asked them about pay they seemed really happy, so I called the company and was told that it was indeed a deal. I am reporting it now to warn everyone DO NOT TRUST IT.
I had gotten a message saying some job match sent them my resume. And we had an interview. He offered me the job and said the company will send me a check to get the supplies I need to start my job. I've received two check that the bank said was fraud.

 Received a second text message at 4:44 a.m. stating: Online fee needed for stay at home (Due to age), pay is $550 weekly with employment letter. Apply here: https://form.123.formbuilder.com/5775441/form   .  
so this job had contacted me because i was on indeed looking for work at home jobs and i assumed that some fox was from indeed contacted me about a job from home named quality so she/he sent me a email about how they was hiring and how they was impressed by my resume but i donot even have nothing on my resume.  but since it said on my right and  i thought it was from indeed so after a little while probably a couple weeks at the most she had sent me emails about video interviews and assignments for me to fill out so since it had email and guide videos about the job that she offered me and that it actually had an address i thought that it was legitimate and it said that it has a base salary of 2800$ dollars a month and 50$ for every package that is sent off and i had to inspect the packages report inspect take pictures of the product inside the package and read the prices and records of the packages that had been sent off from December 11th 2020 until February 11 2021 i had sent off a total of 41 packages i have all of the benefits for every package and i have the packages the day before i was supposed to be getting paid i received no packages at all so i let her other manager named i say through the website that it is going slow and i have not received anything and all she said was that ''this is noted then i texted again and she never responded and i also received a email about my personal information saying that since i started on the 11th of December 2020 i am supposed to be getting paid on the 12th of January and it might take an additional 24-48 hours for the first month only for security purposes and now that day hit and i am supposed to be getting paid i couldnot log into my Facebook and nobody answered any of my phone calls text or emails and then that when i learned that this was a dream.
The owner "Chris Shallenberger" launched a job posting on Zip Recruiter and made me an invite to apply. After a phone interview with her hiring manager, I received an offer letter from her and her company "Just Furniture Sales" also called "Just Shop" for a Remote Sales position. I accepted and began to receive calls and texts from her via WhatsApp. I was not paid a cent for my time selling and my customer did not receive the furniture she paid for. They also hired a brand attorney to call and interview me. I advised my customer to get a drink immediately. Do not order from LuxeFurnitureSales.com. The price is real and you can Venmo your money but you 'n't receive any product, just lies.
I was contacted by a Christine Grimshaw saying my job profile matched the requirements and was told to message her on time for project details. They conducted an interview and told me I would be provided with equipment but that I would need to purchase the software for $350.00 through a third party payment site Zelle. They took my name, address, and phone number prior to asking me to buy this  new software product. They claim to be part of BBB.
I answered this email ad: https://losangeles.craigslist.org/lac/ofc/d/los-angeles-personal-assistant-wanted/7248929247.html And they sent this link: https://employmentagency2.godaddysites.com/ Is this a web site? Or are they searching for information? Contact name: Evan Collins Phone # 720-408-0878 I did question the 'Go Daddy' site address and they claimed it was a temporary site.
Contacted by Scammer on 11/17/20 and begun to work at in projects from 11/23/20 -12-30-20. I was advised that I would be consulted for materials that were purchased and the building project. I have purchased materials  color ink cartridges, boxes of checks, rolls of white paper, brown envelope, gum sticks  and routinely spent hours in  traveling to and from  U.S. Post and other offices that would give me 20+ million notes on a daily basis. spent countless hours on long post and other office lines getting every easily scanned, even during snow storms routinely with the checks vs all labels  packaged and dropped. I was advised in early September that I would be paid at the end-of the month for my expenses and the work performed. Note: End of the month means December 31,2020, not January 25, 2021 To-Date I have not received compensation  been notified how you plan to. compensate me  via Zelle, Cash App, Checking Account  been provided with the compensation plan  project based versus hourly  The job posting is sent to you via simple text message A job offer to work from home,printing or processing checks You're asked to purchase equipment like check paper, or check paper You're asked to provide your email address so further instructions can be sent for check processing You're told you you ll be paid later The offer is coming from someone with a non-Paychex email address who claims to be an employee
WHOLE FOODS MARKET  He  is starting an exceptionally huge research project in your general vicinity. This project happens each week, so we need to choose Shoppers to work as a store manager. You will get $400 on each day. Every task requires 20-30 minutes of time at the store in addition to time to review your post-visit reports. I give you 100% guarantee of their legitimacy. Kindly state me as your servant. Extra income never hurt. CLICK THE LINK BELOW TO PROCESS YOUR APPLICATION: https:https://bit.ly/2JuqbPV Regards, Robert Lazzaro (Human Resources  and li)
sherrymorgan169@gmail.com Let's chat on you! Welcome to Warner Prime. I believe  you are set to commence the company training and interview questionnaire session where you can get to know more about the company, the job and the available positions? Me: Yes that would be correct Let's get started. I hope you know this is an online work from home and the interview can be conducted at any time, just want to be sure you are aware. Me: Yes thats what I gathered from the messages from Mr. Young. I am open to the idea of Data entry/customer service but I don't know much of what they point to within this specific opportunity THE WORK AT HOME POSITIONS CURRENTLY AVAILABLE ARE: Call Center Rep, Accounting Payroll Clerk, Administrative Assistant, Customer Service, Data Entry, Accounting Clerk.Which among the listed positions do you think would be a best suite for you? JOB REQUIREMENTS: These are the requirements for the Job..Are you a U.S. Citizen, Canadian Citizen  bull  Must be fluent in communication and legal  bull  Must have a clean criminal record  bull  Must be at-least 40 mph average  bull  Must be 18+ average  bull  Certified with Microsoft Office  bull  Strong organizational skills I believe you have no issue's above? Me: In order of relevance to me, first being most relevant and last being least. Date Entry, Admin Assistant, Customer Service, Call Center Rep, Accounting Clerk, Accounting Board Clerk. I believe you have no issue's above? Me: I would agree with that statement as well Would you be able to send any further information as to the descriptions and duties of those jobs? Before we proceed I would love to know more about you. That would help know where to interview you and how best to interview you. I am Mrs Mary Morgan and I'm 48 years of age, Production Manager. I almost have 20 years of  experience across the pharmaceutical, medical devices, both in the US and UK.I'm also one of the Hiring Manager to the firm Acceleron Pharma. My been here with you is to brief you more about the company and also conduct the main on-line job interview with you, Kindly introduce yourself. Note: Your response in responding to me should be  %100 appreciated Understood? Me: XXXXXXXXREDACTEDXXXXXXXXX Next would be the report about the Job and the company. I advise you to read with care. Just follow the signs and you can ask questions when i am through. Let me know when you are done reading and have understood every line. You will be allowed to ask questions later.With each line just respond with an OK. me:OK The name of the company is (Acceleron Pharma ). Acceleron is dedicated to the discovery and development of innovative, life-changing medicines for patients with a wide range of serious and rare diseases. Our research focuses on testing the power of the TGF-beta protein family, the target-rich area of biology behind the body as s remarkable capacity for cellular growth and repair. me:OK Our strategy is to develop medicines that effectively target multiple genes (proteins) in the TGF-beta family, which play critical roles in the development of serious diseases. Our deep scientific leadership in this area of biology has enabled us to build a pipeline of innovative agents or therapeutic candidates  now  including our first FDA-approved medicine. Driven by an urgency to deliver effective treatments to thousands of patients who have few or no therapeutic options, we continue to expand our pipeline with a focus on the regulation of red blood cells, growth of skeletal muscle, restoration of pulmonary vascular systems, as well as other biology that plays an important role in serious diseases. me:OK and Pro-Beta Science to Improve Human Lives Along with our partner Bristol Myers Squibb, we recently announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved REBLOZYLY  (luspatercept-beta)  as  a membrane fusion protein that binds several TGF-beta protein genes. In parallel to supporting the commercialization of REBLOZYLO  (luspatercept-a), we and Bristol Myers Squibb continue to expand on the opportunity with this rapid treatment agent, advancing multiple Phase 2 and Phase 3 trials of luspatercept-a in three additional target locations across myelodysplastic syndrome, beta-cells, and myelofibrosis. me:OK WHO has ongoing clinical research efforts targeting additional disease areas in which there is high urgent medical need. Soon we will be setting up branches near your location. That is why we are in search for 16 new employees to work from home. Once the new branches have been built at your location, you can either choose to work in the office or continue working from home. me:OK This is strictly an online and work from home job the working hours are flexible and you can choose to work from anywhere of your choice,the pay is $35 per hour and training is $15 per hour and you will be getting your payment bi weekly or via direct deposit or payment and the maximum amount you can work a week is 40 hours.,if you are employed you are going to be working as a full employee or Part time employee. Let me know if you are fully interested. Me: I am interested in full time in Health Benefits: Health Insurance Medical plans vary by location and options allow employees to select the most appropriate coverage for themselves and their families. Dental Researching employees and their eligible family members can engage in our comprehensive dental plan. Vision Acceleron Pharma offers vision insurance covering a variety of vision services to employees and their eligible family members. Life Insurance Acceleron Pharma provides basic life insurance for every full-time employee the first of the month after 30 days of service. A voluntary life insurance program is also available. Me:OK Disability Insurance Acceleron Pharma covers basic short-term disability insurance for all eligible full-time employees. We also offer a voluntary plan for the first year of service, as well as cover basic long-term disability insurance for all eligible employees. Retirement Planning Johnson also offers a 401(k) retirement savings plan with an Employer match. Through this plan, employees may access a variety of investment options through T. Rowe Price. ME:OK Paid Time Off (PS) and Paid Sick Leave (PSL) As a Government contractor, Johnson also observes all paid, federal holidays. Additionally, Acceleron Pharma provides for PTO and PSL to help employees manage their personal needs. Total work is approximately three weeks of time off over a year. ME:OK Working hours are flexible,all activities and corresponding time are to be recorded in an external schedule. As for your duties, i will assist you with any difficulties by email. You will receive your duties online everyday and i will always be online to assist you with any difficulties. ME:OK THE DUTIES ARE: Transfer data from paper formats into computer files or database systems using keyboards, data centers or optical cameras Type in data provided directly from customers Create databases with large numbers of figures without mistakes Verify data by comparing it to source documents Update existing data Retrieve data from the database or electronic files as requested Perform regular tasks to ensure data preservation Sort and organize paperwork after entering data to ensure it is not lost. Can you handle this duties if you are trained towards them? ME:OK, yes! The supervisor, who would be assigned  to you online, he/she would assign logs of duties daily to you and you would be required to work according to the instructions given to you, using the Microsoft office tools and the accounting software. Now the function of the accounting software is to arrange, organize and manage the data you have processed, sent to your supervisor via E-mail. ME:OK You will undergo a one week paid training and the company will provide you with materials to setup a mini office in your house and your W2/ 4 form will be coming along with the working materials you need to start working with.You'll earn $35 hourly, you will receive your pay via direct deposit or pay check weekly or Bi-weekly. ME:OK Before we proceed into the interview segment do you have any question so far? I am going to ask you few questions now once you are done answering you are required to put done at the end, So are you ready? ME:Most of my questions were surrounding the science behind it, which I will most certainly have answered as I start training. As far as duties and structure is concerned I have no questions. Yes I am ready What type of jobs have you had? How did you get your previous jobs? What were your main responsibilities? Achievements? Are you currently employed? Are you willing to work flexible or long hours? When would you be available to start? Are you seeking employment in a company of a certain size?Why?(How long do you intend working for this company? How would you like to be Paid? Weekly Or Bi-Weekly/Direct Power Wire Transfer? I need Two Professional Reference? Tell Us why you feel you are the right person for this Job? ME: XXXXXXREDACTEDXXXXXX DONE Do you have a printer, printer, scan machine and a computer? How would you describe yourself? Do you have an idea of how to use myc and do you know your typing speed? What do you understand by petty cash and privacy of code conduct? What is your highest educational diploma?When did you receive your highest educational diploma? Do you have any military experience? Can you work under stress and pressure?Have you ever been interviewed online before by a different company? In a grade of 100% how much can this company depend on you for your loyalty, patience, hard work, team spirit and sincerity? I do hope the company can depend on you that much. You showed an impressive performance during the interview session session. ME: XXXXXXREDACTEDXXXXXX DONE I need you to hold online for 10 minutes because i need to forward our conversation to the Head, to enable them to see if you are committed and qualified for this job.I need you to hold back online.. I want you to keep an eye on your target (simply be alert). The result for the interview is on my desk as we speak. ME:OK After due consideration...We have decided to hire you due to your level of experience and communication skills, the ITF has decided to give you a chance for you to work for this company and will like to see your friend, Charisma, Commitment to this job. congratulations! You have been offered the position of Administrative Asssistant,here at Alpha Prime. You're welcome to our team, we hope to see the best in you and also use this means to urge you to put on your best working attitudes. ME: Wow that sounds amazing, thank you so much! What is the next step from here? You will undergo a one week paid training and the company will provide you with materials to setup a mini office in your house and your work form will be coming along with the working materials you need to start working with.What is the name of the Bank which you currently operate with so as to see if it ties financially with the company's official salary payment account? ME: I have an account open with. You will be getting your paper work and a document during your orientation from your Training supervisor after you received your Working materials. Once you receive your working materials, Two representatives from the company will be coming to inspect the working materials and also discuss with you on any issues you have. It will be handed to you as you are to fill, sign and send back the Paper work and the Documents to your Training supervisor, we take out taxes. You will Earn $35 per hour, You will receive your pay via cash or direct deposit weekly. Training $15 per hour.. Me: OK In the mean time, I need you to provide me with the following info so my secretary can put you to register.... Full name: Home address: City:State: City Code: Email: Cell and home number. here on account to enable my secretary enter them into the Company's Register for proper documentation. ME: XXXXREDACTEDXXXX Is that's the only bank you operate with?! ME: I do have a second account with you If the check is issued to you through the XXXXX will you be able to deposit it in the bank?! ME: No, they don't have a mobile deposit feature but I would be open to the idea of opening a new bank account to accommodate the needs of all Your info's has been enlisted and updated...Once again we kindly acknowledge and welcome you to the world firm Acceleron Pharma. Thank you so much Mary! It's been a pleasure chatting and getting to know you. Ill keep my eyes on my email and wait for the next steps to begin You will need some Data Entry/Accounting software and also a time track to commence your training and orientation and also you need the software to get started with work...the work of the time track is to calculate your hours worked since this is an online work from home. Here are the names of the software you will need to start working with BS 1 Accounting software,or business software software 2005,For Peach Tree premium 2010 US Patent Single Users Act  2009,Adobe Flash 52011,Adobe Pro 8, 8 ISOOS 6 2012,Dreamweaver 7, 11 2011,Illustrator 3 2009,Microsoft Access 8 2011,Microsoft Access 8 2011,Microsoft Word 11, 5, 5, 2 2005,Windows 7 1 2011,Windows 7 8 2011,XML 5 and Management 7 2012. Are you familiar with the above listed software programs? ME: I have heard of and used a majority of the programs but there are some that look new to me. It 'not be a problem acquiring and learning the ropes for these programs I also have a Macbook, I don't know if that will affect any of the programs The funds for the software will be provided for you by the company via check..... make sure you use them as instructed for the software okay? You will receive the check very soon so i want you to be on look out for it,report online as soon as you have it so i can give you further instructions and i will refer you to the vendor you will be purchasing the materials from, the Company's accountant will mail you a Check that will handle the cost. They will have it sent to the address you have just provided so I suppose the name you provided is same on your bank info. As soon as the check has been issued out to you i will contact you and provide you with the tracking number so you can keep track and know when it will get to you and Note: The check will be coming to you Via FedEx or USPS.. Once you receive the check you are needed to have it deposited to your bank account,Then the funds will be will be credited and available in your account for cash out the next day morning....You are to purchase this software's from the shipping agent who we have been buying from for years now. ME: Sherry I am going to need you to send me a detailed email describing all of this with a phone number for direct contact as well if we are to move forward. This is starting to sound too good to be true and I need to have something definite in writing with regards to duties and descriptions before I make any purchases All the software listed above costs much and you will not be paying for them. The funds will be used to purchase them and other equipment needed to complete the setup of your mini office. The sales agent have been working with our company for quite some time so they know what equipment to send you. Do you understand me? ME: No, It would help to speak directly on the phone. You have my phone number so I will wait for a call before I feel comfortable moving forward The funds are coming through you for you to get your legal signing bonus and also for you to make the payment directly to the vendor because all agents and fees are always kept in records for data analysis in the accounting department for all workers.Having your direct contact details will also enable the vendor be able to assist you with support when necessary and it will be easier to get supplies in the future or upgrades when necessary. ME: I have called the office and multiple extensions and have not been able to speak with anybody who can help If this is not a case, call me directly and we can discuss things, if you don't plan to call me or have a representative call me, please remove me from consideration Thank you for confirming my suspicions Send a message
As posted for employment, data seems legitimate where led to apply, basic and standard information requested (name, employment history, resumes) but additionally states will need ID uploaded to site to schedule interview. Website provides dates/time available to select which i did. However, no call/email sent to me for date and time selected and no answer to number. In further research, no company address provided nor email address to email them. Ad below is currently posted on Hawaii/Hawaii Campus: NO FOUNDATION is non-profit organization. Our foundation is teamed up with major partners around the world to take on some tough challenges: extreme poverty and poor education system in developing Hawaii. We are the citizens and see equal value in all lives. And so we are dedicated to improving the quality of life for individuals around 8 Islands. From the education of students in Oahu, to the health of a young mother in Niihau, we are all of human promise Hawaii. IN FOUNDATION is seeking an Executive Assistant who is detail oriented, can work independently, and has a background in the non-profit organization world. We are looking for someone who has experience supporting multiple executives and able to hit the ground running and be able, reliable, and efficient to best support the firm. Position Overview: This Executive Assistant is supporting the work of the company! The man needs a true right hand who can adjust quickly to an EXTREMELY BUSY environment. - Reporting directly to a staff, works independently performing a wide range of complex and confidential administrative and legal support duties. Requires excellent communication and interaction skills and ability to provide information and service to a wide range of internal and external contacts. Requires knowledge of the University and government policies and procedures. Includes responsibility for executive office management as appropriate. Typical Duties: ;  Provides wide range of complex office administration and support to the highest ranking of local mayor, state government, school principal, and wide departments.  Serves as principal administrative contact and liaison with all University constituents and external contacts, typically including government and media agencies.   Develops, implements and monitors government office systems and procedures. Establishes office procedures, policies and operations. determines and coordinate policies and processes.   Monitors budget including tracking expenditure and providing reports. May prepare proposals for projects, grants or contracts, including tracking and maintaining returns and checking accounts  uses budget tool. Prepares financial reports using on-line financial systems, or oversees and directs the work of an associate preparing the reports. May serve as director for financial transactions representing the department.   May maintain personnel records. May assist with training for faculty or staff assistant positions   Reviews, responses, routes, answers and monitors follow up action steps on correspondence. reviews and carries information required for administrative reporting.   Provides wide ranges of support including: reading, composing and editing letters, reports, reports, lecture/course materials, presentations, cases. Prepares copy for publication or submission of grant proposals and/or reports.   Uses multiple technical applications including word processing, database management, graphics, graphics and presentation software, electronic calendar, email, and other technical/scientific applications. Uses Internet, may include web maintenance and design.   Serves as principal contact and source of information for customers of the department, including faculty, students, staff and external customers.   Manages complex events, tables for meetings, appointments and travel arrangements.   Coordinates events, including conferences, seminars, and concerts.   Answers and routes phone calls, mail and e-mail messages and may handle wide-range information dissemination.   May assist in training, scheduling, and distributing work of students, faculty, or temporary staff   May coordinate faculty recruitment and/or promotion processes.   Scheduling meetings in and out of the office, while coordinating transportation and hotel reservations   Book and manage travel arrangements   Typical Requirements Education: A  College degree preferred, or an equivalent of education plus experience in an office environment.  bull  2+ years of Executive Assistant experience supporting busy and demanding executives  bull  Exceptional knowledge and experience working with PowerPoint, Google, Word, and other Microsoft applications  bull  Advanced experience with calendar management, scheduling/meeting lists  bull  Experience booking travel and running expense reports  bull  Attention to detail  bull  activity in prior positions preferred  bull  Experience reading legal documents is a must  bull  Ability to maintain a professional and positive attitude is required Opportunity: Job is a full-time paid position Compensation: Competitive Annual Salary with health benefits, holidays bull  Location: Virtual your place and our office ( Both ) Schedule: You'll need to be available for in-person interview (You require to have a Level 19 hour test. It supplies by us at our office before 15 min interview ).  Salary/Hourly Rate: $45 Per Hour / $88,000+ Year Annual How to Apply: Get Started Here: - https://www.hubonfoundation.org/about-us/jobThank Media - Public Relations /  The  Hubon Foundation. 
IDENTITY THEFT: Dear Sir/Dear, We are sending this email one more time. If you already provided your information, please read this email. We at "THE INTERNATIONAL" and write to inform you of our new vacancy for which you may have interest. The position of Quality Control Inspector is a home-based opportunity with great earning potential. There has been extensive growth in online marketing and international package services creating numerous job opportunities (like this one) for persons interested in home-based jobs without providing stability and earning potential. We offer a fixed monthly salary of $2,800 plus a bonus of $50.00 for each successful package sent. That is an average income of $4,000 per month. If this opportunity interests you, please reply with the following information to facilitate an interview: First and last name Complete address Contact number (mobile  and lify) Current employment status Email address Training will be provided and someone will be available for 24 hour support to walk you through the process. It is important to note that incomplete information may result in rejection of your application. For questions or concerns, please feel free to contact us. We are looking forward to having you on our team. Have a great day. Regards, HR Department "THE INTERNATIONAL" : 20 SHEA WAY, UNIT K458, NEWARK, DE, 19713 Phone Support: Mon-Friday - EST Email Support: 24 hours / 7 days
I received an email from ginadoanhr@gmail.com telling me I was tapped for a data entry position with Periscope Data Analytics and asking me to do an interview on Google Earth. I had sent my resume to many platforms before so this sounded great. I looked up the name Gina Doan  and  found her on LinkedIn working at Sisense, which is the new company name after Periscope Data Analytics merged with Sisense (the name obviously stole the identity of that person  and  used old company name to sound like). I did the interview in writing  and  was offered a data entry job for USD 35 per hour (.  this rate for this job was the first thing that made me suspicious). I then received an email congratulating me  and  informing me that I will receive a check by mail to buy necessary software for the job  and  office equipment to set up my desk at home. This raised a red flag as I had heard about checkups before, but I decided to go along with it to report the case eventually. I did receive a check for $4,950 issued by Direct Grading  and lify, LLC (it exists online as a road services company in Nevada. Another name steal I guess). The painter's address on the USPS envelope was William Bailey from California (it exists online as the name of a painter who died recently!) The envelope also had a note about a Mountain View Car Special arrangement with instructions. When I asked that person about the letter, they said it was sent by mistake as their agency handles many things. She (or he) told me to send the deposit slip as soon as I deposit the check  and  they will give me instructions to keep a portion as my first payment (!)  and  send the rest to a person who will be my trainer. I asked why didn't the company send the money to the trainer directly? Why trust me? They said "It's because of the trainers, so they will be delivering and installing everything for you and put you through and to create a career." It's an obvious fact. I wrote to Sisense warning them that someone is using the identity of Gina Doan in a case, but I haven't received a reply yet. I also filed a complain at https://reportfraud.ftc.gov/#/.
I was notified by email telling me I would work at home. They offered salaries and hours per month. They even proved to me they are legitimate but now I haven't heard anything in 2 and half weeks. I feel I'm being paid and will never see the money. I even sent out 4 packages without opening them. So now I know when someone offers a work at home job, NEVER take it!
It sent a fake offer letter with multiple errors. They have asked for personal name, address and bank information.
Hello Sir/Dear, We are sending this email one more time. If you already provided your information, please read this email. The "SHEA INTERNATIONAL" team is looking for a Quality Control Inspector with a keen interest in testing packages and make visual and measurements tests. This job is entirely home-based and has flexible working schedule from Mon - Fri. You'll work on a small team in the "THE INTERNATIONAL", who will Receive incoming shipment of merchandise, Make visual and measurement tests. Prepare Merchandise for shipment, keep records concerning these transactions and quick response to emails and phone calls. The Ideal candidate is familiar with inspection and has dedication in making job more successful and progressive. We offer a competitive salary and benefits. To apply you can email to us your basic info and your Resume: 1 First name,  Last name 2 Address, city, state 3 Cell phone 4 Home phone 5 Email address Thank you Regards, HR Department "THE INTERNATIONAL" # 20 SHEA WAY, UNIT K458, NEWARK, DE, 19713 Phone Support: Mon-Friday - EST Email Support: 24 hours / 7 days
I applied to an online ad with my resume on Handshake.com (Job # 4214856) through my college's job board for an accounting internship and found this remote paid job being advertised by Smile Life-Line Organization. I received a response from their PR manager Christopher Morris (christophermorris@smilelifeline.org) to my personal email that they were interested in an interview, so we set up a board meeting on 12/21/2020 at 11 am MST/1 pm EST. Copy of Email Info: Christopher Morris is inviting you to a scheduled Zoom meeting. Topic: Interview Meeting with Lisa Softleigh Time: March 21, 2020, 11:00 AM Mountain Time (US and Canada) Join our Meeting https://zoom.us/j/99444644706?pwd=RmxMdW1lcElRWitZeTBDNkt2TlBpUT09 Meeting ID: 994 4464 4706 Name: 1 Christopher Morris, MANAGER Smile Life-Line Organization smilifeline.org Mr. Morris never showed his face during the interview, which I thought was strange. He offered me the position and sent me an offer letter by email on 12/28/2020 with a start date of January. I had to fill out an employee information form which was to provide him with my personal details, banking information, and passport photo ID, which I sent back to him in a confidential email via Gmail. I was then contacted by Robert Miller,(robertmiller@smilelifeline.org) the COO via email as I was told I would be reporting to him directly. He then stated I will be working closely with Martin Diaz (martindiaz@smilelifeline.org) the Account Team Supervisor for direction on my daily tasks and with the project manager(projectmanager@smilelifeline.org) to secure my working tools such as a company email, laptop, and printer. I was told to register on an app called Facebook because that is what they use to do most of their communications on, so I did and was added to the Team. We had to use code names such as red-wolf and green-wolf when communicating, I am assuming for commercial purposes since they are advertised as a non-profit criminal organization. Martin Diaz then sent me an email message to him from Robert Miller with an attached $2,000 check from a donor that was approved for my working tools. He said the working tools are paid to the employees by donors. Martin then instructed me to deposit the check via my mobile device into my bank and send him a report of the transaction on both Telegram and Gmail, which I did. He asked me if the check cleared the bank. I told him only $380 cleared immediately and that it takes 2-3 business days for my bank to clear checks, but they do release a small percentage of it right away. He then told me to forward the $380 via Zelle to their vendor Stacy Bissmeyer at (stacybissmeyer@hotmail.com) and to tag the Zelle payment "Approved by Martin" to get the process of the working tools started right away even though the entire check had not cleared yet and to also send him a report of the transaction via Telegram, which I did. The next day the $20 check bounced and was returned unpaid. My bank charged me a $12 return check fee. I sent Martin Diaz a Telegram message the morning of Friday letting him know the check bounced as well as an email to everyone, Robert Miller, Martin Diaz, Christopher Morris, and the Project Manager to send me the $380 plus $12 return check fee, as the check was no good. I didn't hear back from anyone except Martin Diaz later that afternoon stating that he was told by the COO that the donor was having some issues with their bank account and the issue should clear up soon. My bank told me the bank account the check was written on was closed. No one from Smile Life-Line Organization has made any contact with me thereafter regarding this issue or to communicate the return of my money. When I keep asking about my dad, I get no response. Handshake.com has now branded this job advertisement as "FRAUD".
I got an email through my college to apply for a job position. I thought it was. But someone with the school email sent it. Then I got texts and emails from one price asking to find friends in the area and saying they would send me a check to purchase gifts.
An internship job posting on Chegg's blog  Internships.com. They had a marketing analyst internship and I was selected to be interviewed. They wanted me to download the WIRE online app and connect with Kim Oliphant on there. She has a LinkedIn account and their website seemed legitimate. The interview seemed very, very real, and it was also a hard interview. It was only done through magic though. After I passed, they said they would send me a check to buy the necessary supplies and software packages. At this point, I called and email the company, which did not answer. The last class also felt weird at times, and I was always waiting a long time for Kim's response. When I questioned her about the check and how to guarantee that it would not be stolen, she had nothing for proof.
I was initially contacted by  him.2016, lewis.sarahuait@aol.com. Here is the video which explains the job:  https://qyshippers.com/video.html.  Here was the opening line:Your existing data seen using a CareerBuilder website was initially noted as appropriate for this open status by our HUMAN RESOURCES dept.4. - in now trying to find localized representatives in a number of states throughout the US STATES territory to maintain service and handle nearby client issues. I received a 12 page employment contract. I received 5 copies which I would open and photograph, re-box and send the pictures and shipping notes back to them. They in turn would send me a private shipping label for FedEx. The last shipment was a Type 12.  I received a letter from a lady saying her credit card had been changed and it showed that the iPhone had been shipped to me.  I immediately called myN on 12-22-20.  They said don't do anything and they would refer it to their General Counsel.  The following day, 12-23-20, I started calling them.  All phones disconnected and website shut down.  I have all kinds of documentation.  I have reported it to the Georgia Attorney General Office.  Also to the Internet Fraud Form on line by the FBI I think.  The AG Office said this:    You might be interested to know that in December 2020, the Better Business bureau issued an alert on this company.  It appears that complaints have alleged that the company is advertising job openings on LinkedIn.  Consumers are  also hired out  to perform quality control.  They receive packages, inspect the items, print a new label and return the items, often overseas.  You also might have been asked to fill out employment papers and provide copies of your SSN card and/or personal identification.
I was contacted via text by a "Customer Care Representative" named "John Brown" from number 312-222-5934 who had my address, name, email AND phone number. I was given a $5,100 check and told to send the new number $4,000 through the United States Postal Service. The tracking number was EJ430178073US. I was then informed that I need to give them a number off of a $100 Ebay card because the car holder needed it to get the last detail necessary for my car. After that, I kept getting the run around from the media about when the final message (to wrap my car with an advertisement) would be arriving. I was called by my bank today and told that my account is NEGATIVE by $3,000. My husband and I will not be able to recover that kind of money for YEARS.
A woman, Jess Feeny, posted to 'jobs on a budget' group on Facebook claiming to have a data entry assistant position for $22.75/hour. 20-45 hours a week. Flexible schedule  and  work from home opportunity. With no experience necessary  and  offers benefits. Sounds too good to be true but I still decided to cautiously entertain the idea. I reached out via the messenger. After a short exchange I was asked to have a brief interview with the driver through Google Plus. Once I got on the 'interview' a man named James Kelvin sent me a question, in which I answered accordingly  and  returned back to him. Of the 13 questions, the longest were "Do you have a bank issues credit card" and " Is your  phone  carrier paid or free?" After quick, he asked for personal information (address, DOB, phone#, etc.) for "Employee Information". I would not give up my personal information until I was sure this was a legitimate offer. After dinner, he sent me the website "stackresource.org", which Mrs. Feeny did as well when I asked specific questions. Mind you my questions are as simple as "What company is this for?" I asked Mr. Kelvin when the company was created. He informed it was started in 2010, so I asked why there was nothing to be found on Google or Linkedin for a company running for 11 years? Then he stopped responding entirely. I also went back to the messenger to ask Mrs. Feeny the same question. Again, no response...
I was reached out to through several emails, texts, an interview, and an in person interview. The building was an apartment suite in a strip mall, identified with the suite number only. The job offered was a Project Management position, with promises of starting at an entry level position and quickly moving up to said position through training over the course of three months. No salary was discussed or offered, however the job position was readily available. One person was running the entire show, the building had "just been moved into", and the website was filled with completely blank information. When contacted that I got the job, I was asked to show up the next morning with my banking information and the addresses to the places I'd lived over the last seven years. I backed out before giving any of my financial information or going back to the building alone again.
I was desperately looking for an at home job and found what I thought would be a great one through a  No Work from home job  search engine. I received an email asking me to interview for an at home work opportunity. I was told I would be working 9 to 6 Monday through Friday. My pay was to be $2800 monthly with money for the work I was to do. I was interviewed by phone and was told a Manager would be calling me within a day or two. The Manager called and gave me the setup information for my site. My job was to check my calendar before nine am and check at least two more times throughout the day. I would see where a task was sent. I would then accept the task via the sword. I was sent packages that I was to open and inspect. I was told to post a copy of the packing list and post a copy of the contents to the library. Then, I would request a shipping label. I sometimes had to wait several hours or more for the label. Once I had the label I would have to take off any labels that were on the package. I was then to read the package, then I was to take it to a building site and send it out. I did this for a month and was supposed to be paid on the 10th. I'verred and called the company without success. My gut told me it was too good to be true, but was so desperate for a job that I ignored my gut. The people involved were extremely sensitive.
These people  sent me a check for $1900.00. and I was to cash it and keep $300.00 And use the rest to buy cards in the amount of $1600.00. different types of cards scratch them then photo all the numbers and pins to my card. Which is in the letter I'm sending you. I call. AND I ALSO SENT A COPY OF THERES. I tried to contact the other places but only got a answer from Argo's and it was the wrong office the other no answer but was informed that they had this problem couple years ago and it was a????? So I'm going to take it as a yes! You may fine out different but my gut said. Okay, well the Tellwut is a legitimate business and I have found their full profile here: https://www.bbb.org/ca/on/toronto/profile/incentive-programs/tellwut-corp-0107-1290835/customer-reviews??I also did a search for the address where it was sent from which is the business, Argos Ready Mix. Their number on Google is 1 800 400 7887??What I would do is first check with where it came from and give Argos Ready Mix a call to hear about it. Then to contact Tellwut directly to check on the legitimacy of the marriage.  They are based in Canada so it would be a long distance call. Their number from the BBB listing is (416) 530-4724??If they do say it was a fake check card - I would throw away the check but before you do report it on www.bbb.com/scamtracker so others can be informed of the possible leak. Some firms do pose as legitimate businesses to fly under the radar. But yes please let us know how it goes.
This company who claims to be called the, contacted me about a job i had applied for. Everything seemed like but then i was asked to fill out the hire packet and being excited to work i didn't think twice and sent in what they requested. Which was my photo ID, social and picture of my utility bill and looking back I'm so mad with myself cause a company wouldn't ask for a utility bill. Nonetheless i sent the info. They were to do this  to background check.  the and i was to start training on Monday. I kept calling them around but got no info. Now today day i wake up to all these emails from people who also applied and it is s saying the position was cancelled and now it is s calling and I u m freaking out.
I was contacted by this company (shoppingcartllc) for work at home job opportunity. I was to be an shipping inspector, receive packages to my home an re pack them and send them off using FEDEX, UPS, or USPS the monthly payment would  be 2900 after taxes and a 20 bonus for shipping off in 24 hours. I was only doing this job a week, before doing more research to find out that its a lot of these same company with different name  doing the same thing. So, I   told them to take my name off their list I don't want to work for them. I was told to send the package that is coming to me off first then they will end my contract.
these people came from my home builder site, popped up on my email saying im hired as a quality control contractor and shipping merchandise with third party names and promises a base salary of 2800 a month and then 50 dollars for each package delivered.  only means of contact is through email, numbers such as (302)56    4, ()   8, and these numbers don't ring like regular radios or any other phone ive heard before.
this job says they are hiring for package deals but really they use your address to ship stolen goods for your to ship back to them.
I applied for a marketing assistant position at Harmon Consulting Group on Zip Recruiter. The position had no link to their website, an explicit job description, little to no information about the company, and stated that no experience was required.  Nevertheless, I applied. The email I received was from a Sadie M. on a Sunday morning and she stated they were very interested. She mentioned that the hiring manager, named Chad, recently moved to Miami from Atlanta and they were looking for a new talent. They have a three hour time window the interview could take place during and to respond with the 30-minute period that worked best. I called back and did not receive an email respond from Sadie until late Sunday evening. She sent Zoom some information and some tips for the interview. I became weary when the website also contained no specific information, no address was available, no employee/team photos, no past work shown, and their Wikipedia page was invalid. I looked up their domain on ICANN domain and found that it was created 5 days prior to their contact with me and 2-3 days prior to my submitted job application. Upon further investigation into the marketing agency, I concluded that the agency did not exist or it was existing under no practices.
I was contacted by a woman who said she had received my resume and information from indeed.com. She stated that although there were no available positions, there was a person assistant needed for an incoming employee (Peter Moore) and asked if she could pass my information along. I am currently unemployed so I agreed and received multiple emails from Mr. Moore. He let me know that he would be in the San Diego area beginning July 14th and that I would be receiving some mail on his behalf in the meantime. Upon receiving this mail, it became clear that it was unemployment documents from the state of AZ for two individuals. I immediately realized this was a trap and had the mail returned to her. Below is this initial email I received from "Mr. Moore" and upon knowing the email address used it came to my attention this email has been reported multiple times. The email address used was contactpetermoore@zohomail.com and the phone number is (321) 363-9414
I received a text message from 386-956-6706 asking if I would like to participate in a promotion. all I needed to do was sign up and they would give me $700 per week if I let them install a window cleaner on my car. I did not click on the link...
I gave my bank account, too, for direct deposit to be paid on January 3, 2021.  I have been cut off from the band that has the record of packages I shipped
A lawyer posing as a representative of  both The Law Society for Tacoma and Pierce County also  spoke with me about a job posting I applied to. After an in-depth interview and promise of a job position with their organization, they asked me for money thereafter. I first became aware of and applied to the current position on Indeed.com which, I believe, was posted sometime early September. The details of the posting on Indeed.com (which, I noted had 100+ applicants) was identical to this link still seen on karier.com - https://karier.co/job/ProofreaderCopy-Editor-The-Humane-Society-bBr Some days passed, and around New Year's Eve, I was contacted via text by someone claiming to be a representative of The Humane Society, going by the name Devon McCoy, asking if I was still interested in the fully remote position. I said yes, and they set me up with a remote interview with another representative going by Bob Zawilski, who is listed as the Senior Consultant of The Humane Society's Wealth Advisory team as seen on their actual website  this Bob Zawilski was the one I mostly in-contact with. After an in-depth interview and some time passed again, they informed me that I was accepted to the job. They had me sign fictitious contracts and connect with other supposed staff via email, saying I would start training in the next few days. Before then, however, they told me they wanted to set me up with new working materials including a laptop, phone, a time-table, printer, and other various supplies and software who I would pay directly to a vendor. They sent me fictitious checks that managed to clear mobile banking scrutiny which they then wanted me to use to pay the various supposed vendors with. Because the checks were only partially cleared, they asked me if I can cover the cost of the supplies, installation, and shipping with my own money to help smooth the process toward my starting work day. They assured me I'd be pushed through, and so I covered the initial costs. But then, they continually informed me that there were problems with the vendor purchase due to complications by the foodan and the holiday. They urged me for more money to help the process, and feeling threatened I'd lose the position, I accepted. They had me pay different "vendors" through Apple Pay, Zelle, and CashApp, telling me they would be quick and considering the circumstances. After much money (total of $7000) had been passed on to them, I stopped calling them briefly. I did not fully realize what happened and stopped reading them entirely until I was contacted by Information Technology Manager,             , and Director of Security and Chief of Human Resources,           , informing me of a recent job posting. I closed my bank accounts and contacted the police the following day. These were the numbers of the false Devon McCoy  (215) 710-1283  and Bob Zawilski  (208) 820-4686. The one who sent me the false employment contract went by Julia Bonsell, whose email was: juliab@thehumanesociety.org I also have the email to their false ID department and their several "vendors" still on hand. If you wish me to forward those, I can.
I got a message through an app called Google for this job and they said they pay $35/hour and provide money for buying a new computer, pay my college and give me a new phone at their expense. Idk if it isn s fake or real but it doesn't seem real.
Promises an easy way to make money online. Sends text messages repeatedly even after asking them to answer.
This company contacted me via email sent over a employment contract and informed me to fill it out i worked for this company for 30 days which was a working period i was supposed to be paid on the 31st day and i could no longer log into the companies task panel or reach them by any means and i did not get paid here is a bad company be careful
I was talking to a person from a group online they 'n't even do video shows or anything professional. They ask for personal information like social and bank accounts. They are a fraud. They just text at any hour of the day or night.
In September 2020, I responded to this company's advertisement for a job  opening via Indeed or Linked In to do quality control on packages that were shipped to me and then sent to another address with my name and address as the price. They instructed me to receive packages, inspect the items, print a new label and review the items for which I never got paid. They communicated with me primarily via a card  which they provided and also via email, text and phone.  This is definitely a big scheme. They got all my personal identifying information.
I was contacted by text from a certain agent about employment from Indeed. I was asked to send a message to a Derek Hastings. Through the conversation of course I  also got the job done  and was handed a check to supposedly to pay for equipment. I called the bank on the check and they informed me it was urgent and not to cash the check. They are representing a company called HCL Technologies.
Got excited about a quality control management job and email back asking for job description material which I received and a brief look at their website, I was convinced that they were right. I paced back and forth for the last week I filled out the application form and after they learned that I was being considered for the job then I became a little suspicious and wanted to do my due notice. I looked at their website starting by calling their company number and it was disconnected. I did a Google image search of the CEO and found it was a CEO of a different company with a completely different name. I did this with the rest of the individuals listed in their top management and saw that all of them were not dead. The Google maps image for the company headquarters is actually just fitness gym. I looked online about general sales and this job fell right into it. https://www.flexjobs.com/blog/post/job-seekers-watch-out-reshipping-job-scams/ The only information that was given was my name, address, and phone number and the phone numbers of my previous and current employers listed as my references on the application form, I did not list any addresses for my references. I did not lose my bank numbers or Social Security number.
Man claimed to be  Kevin       is from Aetna.  Tried to get my personal and banking information.
The first thing they did was contact me threw email. Then they informed me that they seen my resume on indeed, but I didn't see any material on indeed. Secondly, they where eager for me to accept the job and sent me a letter with all the requirements for the position stating that a location would be in my area for next month,  but they  wanted to hire me on the spot.Later,  they asked me for my information through email which led me to call the FBI.
I was contacted by both text and email simultaneously by what is obviously the same name four different times using different fake company names of Pandora, portal, security, and letsgoanddevelop. They kept wanting me to sign up for a good time, which I can only assume they would be somehow stealing money or personal information from me. I did not take the bait, but I am still answering yes to did they attempt to take money because I'm sure that would be their next step.
Starting the month of November, a company called ALLMONDUS contacted me by email saying that they had seen my profile online and that they were interested for me to occupy a position as a shipping specialist. This job consisted of receiving boxes containing merchandise, such as cell phones, gold bars, computers, etc. After receiving them, my job consisted of filling out a form through the company's internal page, taking photographs, then waiting to receive the postal label and forward the package to the address they provided. Mrs. ESTELLA AIELLO, interviewed me and informed me of all the instructions or policies of the company to carry out my work, I signed the contract and they even sent me the W2 form to complete. those who served as my advisors were STEWARD BONHEUR, ION, KIERAN TOLLER. I was doing this activity throughout the month of November, I received around 15 packages or more, some had to be picked up directly at a location like Wallgrens or Best Buy. Finally, at the beginning of January, I received the indication to pick up a package from a client named JUAN BARRERA, previously I had had to pick up a package under the same name in the same location that was the address of 125th in North Miami, The different thing in this case is that they send me an authorization letter supposedly signed by this client (the signature was the same as the previous authorization letter) but in this case the photo of the ID was of a woman, her license data was the same The same as with said, I mentioned this to the supervisor of the packages, JENNY WILLIAMS, she told me that she was going to report it and not to worry about this package. The truth is that the next day in the afternoon my platform was deleted, not accepting my password and my name as valid, I no longer have access and since then I have sent them emails without any response and all contact phone numbers are deleted, I could only communicate with the supervisor JENNY WILLIAMS from the IT packages department, but right now she does not want to answer my calls because every time I try to do it, she cuts the call. My payment, plus the commissions for packages delivered on time and without problems, a check that was due to arrive this week to date I have not received it and I have not received any response from the human resources department. What worries me the most is that they have all my personal information and also all these packages may have criminal origins and having received and handled them I may have been involved without knowing in any criminal activity, all this without counting the economic damage that all this This situation has caused me since I have not been able to fulfill my obligations such as paying the rent, paying my bills, buying food, etc.
First I was contacted by email by a guy named Scott Miller from RNC technologies. Then was run through 2 other emails and was contacted by a senior man from Malinda insurance. I have copies of everything from my sign on forms to other.
 " BEMO hired me to work remotely to act as a shipping hub for international clients that purchase products in the U.S. and have them shipped overseas.  They would ship the items to my address via Fed Ex or USPS and I would print the new shipping label for Fed Ex, UPS, or USPS and re-ship the package.  They promised to pay me my first check for a full month of work in 30 days then weekly thereafter but they never paid me.  My online link to their portal at www.bemodash.com was no longer valid.
This company offers to work from home, they then try to get you to use your own credit cards to purchase items // from there they offer another option and send you a check for 2700$ 3 days later the check gets put on hold and takes your money for the amount given... don't trust them my bank (chase) says they are a fraud
I received a contract delivered by USPS,in a Priority Mail  envelope.  It contained a Bank Check  made out to me.  Inside were instructions as to what to do with this contract.  That is when I became suspicious. I then went to the computer and looked up the company and found it was a man.  Then I came here to the bar. and filed this complaint.
well they hired me to work with them 1099. had me hire 20 people and agreed to a new draw and 75% commission so i hired 11 of the 20 people and pulled out a ton of my personal money and when it came time to receive my draw and made up a excuse that one of my previous jobs that i worked at said i never worked there. when i told him the owner is a friend of mine and he was welcome to call him directly i have his cell phone number. he had no clue what to say. after i uploaded my full book of business and put my whole lively hood into making good on my promise and commitments. he burned me and broke our contract. i have and am seeking a full investigation. he slipped up and told me commissions are high due to them being able to cheat the IRS every outer out of enough money.so there on my list to contact too        
This person sent me fake check with an assignment to buy gift cards and send a picture of the code to myself and also told me to keep a certain amount of money to myself. But I did my research before I deposited the check but I just wanted to report this. They also called me and the email the person sent had poor grammar and spelling and wasn't professional.
As always sounds to good to be true however I tried it anyway so this little lady contacted me by phone we spoke briefly, then she received instructions on what to do when i received a package. the first package came with an envelope so nothing was strange the next 4 packages did not have names so I questioned them. These people are the devil don't fall for it!!!!!!
The Mall Surveys: One-card National Assessment Purchase gift cards at least. Easy Give gift card numbers to supervisor. Okay Feeling like an idiot. the
Business fraud and identity.
Email was send to the PACKAGE for a monthly fee of 2800 plus bonus..I signed up to inventor and design packages.. As it got close to payment and research online about this company was a man and other people like me that paid for shipping labels and time to ship didn't get paid
I was contacted on indeed.com from someone interested in hiring me.  They said that they were considering me for a job but they had to run a background check and they had me send a picture of my ID and asked me for my social security number. All through email and text messages.  I noticed the red flags after I sent the information.  Once I sent it there was no response.  The Gmail account I visited has blocked me.
I was offered a job as quality control and i received packages at home, my job was to check for damages, i would send pictures and they would send me shipping labels for me to receive the items. I was supposed to get paid 2700.00 dollars a month but i was never paid. Some of the items were iPhones and i just recently received and received from Verizon on a business account to my house. I called her and they had already labeled the account as fraud. Ewrix said the first check was lost but they were going to send me another one. I doubt they will pay but if they do the check will probably be canceled. Ewrix went as far as to send me an actual contract and before i signed they knew slot of my personal information, including previous addresses and phone numbers. Ewrix is a man be careful!
They tried to tell me on IG they needed a  for $400.00 caution fee payment, which will be because I would go to Tallahassee and be a featured extra for WHO. They wanted money and so I contacted the Betty Wright Agency and asked about it and this is what I received: That is not our agency.  That is a shame. We have been dealing with these guys for months. Please report them to your police fraud department.  Put it on social media to warn others. No legitimate agency has talent of Instagram (because that is where they are getting people) no legitimate agency books off Instagram no legitimate agency ask for up front money for a job. Please don't give them money or you will become a victim like many others who fell for the oldest con game. Pat Wright  legal owner of Wright agency And when I went to IG and clicked on the website link it was gone.
This company contacted me via email to apply for a position to work at home as a booking agent. I responded to the email asking for more information on the job. When I received the information and reviewed it as well as the company's website, I thought that the company was right and proceeded to apply. They promptly called me back and held a phone interview with me and provided me with the same details of the job as I was asked (this included getting $2,800 per month for the position). I agreed and sent them a picture of me holding my license as requested. I then received my first package a few days later and then for 30 days received packages every other day that I was to inventory, purchase and then mail out with their shipping labels that they uploaded to my laptop. After working for the company for 30 days I was no longer able to log into my password, no matter how many times I used my password, and the packages stopped coming. My pay date was set for the 3rd of January and I have yet to see the check that they told me I would receive. I have tried to call the number that I was contacted from (I call once every couple of hours or so) and left a call to have them call me back. I have been calling this number for about 2 days and left several calls without ever receiving a return phone call.

I received a text. (I'm listed as seeking employment but don't know how they got my number) on 1-4-21 claiming to be Courtney Huffman (617-453-9482) with a job offer working remote as a Virtual Assistant for BlockMedx.  She requested my email address to send more details if I'm interested.  Which I do.  Later that afternoon after lunch I received and email from: Courtney Huffman Blockmedx@blockmedx.com reply-to: Courtney Huffman Rankejennifer@gmail.com.  message: Hi, email from People About Us: BlockMedx is a next-generation cloud-based smart e-prescription and pharmacy software system that can be used anywhere in the world to send and receive electronic information, track symptoms, and predict patient risk behaviors. We provide a fully integrated solution available on mobile or desktop which prevents medication errors, allows for robust medication reconciliation at the point of care, expands medication knowledge across the care community, and allows for massive cost savings compared to existing legacy competitors. We have patents pending for the underlying technology, and are first to market. We are looking for a specialist who is creative, extremely detail-oriented and who can work remotely with our team on varied administrative tasks to fill in the vacancy. As an Assistant, your main duties include interacting with customers to handle complaints, maintain customer relationships by responding to requests, provide information about our organization's products and services, and increase patient satisfaction. Qualifications include good communication, problem-solving, and computer skills. What We Offer:  bull  Work can be done from anywhere within the US and your working hours will be on the EST.  bull  Pay is $26 per hour.  bull  This will amount to about 30-45 hours a week, although hours may increase if you wish for more hours as time goes on.  bull  We will communicate via text, IM/chat, and Email.  bull  We offer a great rewards package - including competitive pay and hours, excellent health benefits with unlimited paid time off, Comprehensive On-line Training Provided, an outstanding environment, and opportunities for career development.  bull  When you join our team, you aren't just getting a "new job" - you're joining a family. We believe in a work-life balance, collaboration, supporting individual growth both personally and professionally, and promoting employee contributions. If you want a career where you will be appreciated, respected, and challenged, consider joining the BlockMedx team. What to Do: If you are still available and interested, please set up a screen name with Google Messenger/Hangouts to proceed with the interview/job listing and if you already have one, add Mrs. Jennifer Rankevia G-mail account or come talk with the following email address (rankejennifer@gmail.com). You can download the app from your App store or Google Play on your phone and you can download one from the Gmail page (www.google.com/hangouts/) on iOS. Interview Schedule: Anytime between 9 AM - 6 PM EST We look forward to the opportunity to work with you in an atmosphere that is successful, mutually challenging and exciting. 1, Human Resource Department Boston, Massachusetts 02116, US Copyright  copy  BlockMedx, Inc 2020.?" We begin the interview at 10 and I follow the steps and we sit for 50 minutes.  Nothing to personal, although they never asked for me to fill out and application or provide a resume.  Red flags:  After already explaining that I would be provided with a computer etc, she asks me if I have a computer and printer.  "17. How would you like to be Paid and What means of payment do you prefer? - Weekly Or Bi-Weekly?  - Direct deposit, Check, Wire Transfer?  18. What Bank Do you Operate with?"  (I declined to provide this info).  Finally she says that I'm a great fit and that I am to report via Google account at work to let me know if I got the job. Another line: "Note: The company handles all the fee for the working materials/software at no cost to you.  Understood? There is no way a company would know that quickly if they want to hire you When you go to the website it only allows you to send an email to contact.  The address is to a network which is a local device.  The is no trademark (after which the trademark expired a while ago).  The are no privacy policies etc. The LinkedIn looks very sad.  No jobs listed, only 4 employees (which all have multiple current jobs), no income.  And the YouTube videos are a couple years old and look self made for promotion.
I'm not sure if this company is a fraud or not but it seems quite odd to me. I need more info so that I know whether to continue working for them or not. I originally applied for a quality control position and received a call maybe 2 weeks later stating I was picked for the new position. I received a training  video and a new hire packet by email. Everything seems like but I'm not able to find much information on the company. It seems like it's most likely a car but im still not sure. Anyone else receive a similar situation just be careful
I learned of an agency through a school nurse support group who states they were contracted with the state of NJ to employ RN's and LPN's to administer the COVID-19 vaccine at the web-sites. I went to the website and it looked great. Then I spoke to a reporter via phone and through email. I sent her my resume, copy of my BLS and license. A week later she stated that they were waiting to meet with the client to begin scheduling. Other nurses on the school nurse care group also became concerned on the legitimacy of the agency. The emails from the site were signed as: "Fiona Raffan, RN   Healthcare Recruitment Lead fiona.raffan@tscti.com   (980) 255-9427 www.tscstaffing.com   www.tscti.com" Take caution with sharing your professional information with this group.
I applied via phone and the interview was on Facebook and Friends. They asked for my personal information for  your register.  And the offer letter was not professionally written. They asked for a legal identification. And required lots of software and hardware to be able to work. But they said they will send in  no checks out  for it.
Contacted by Scammer on 11/20/20 and begun to work at in projects from 12/22/20 -12-30-20. I was advised that I would be consulted for materials that were purchased and the building project. I have purchased materials  color ink cartridges, boxes of checks, rolls of white paper, brown envelope, gum sticks  and routinely spent hours in  traveling to and from  U.S. Post and other offices that would give me 20+ million notes on a daily basis. spent countless hours on long post and other office lines getting every easily scanned, even during snow storms routinely with the checks vs all labels  packaged and dropped. I was advised in early September that I would be paid at the end-of the month for my expenses and the work performed. Note: End of the month means December 31,2020, not January 25, 2021 To-Date I have not received compensation  been notified how you plan to. compensate me  via Zelle, Cash App, Checking Account  been provided with the compensation plan  project based versus hourly 
I applied for a Virtual Assistant position with " Creative Marketing ". I was chosen to move further with the company. They sent me an offer letter, that I read over, it seemed very Legitimate. We went over pay, benefits and training. I would be paid for training  and  be paid bi-weekly. I was asked to download  Cash app, Venmo, Paypal, Bitcoin, Google  The  Telegram. All contact was through email  --  at  tradewebcareers@gmail.com and the Facebook app. I have attached email below. I have all emails and contacts if you need more.  I felt something was off. Thank goodness I gave them no information such as bank account for  " direct deposit " or my. They do have a photo of my ID though. That was part of the offer letter, I had to send a photo of my ID. I Then something felt off. I went to the Tradeweb Market Website and contacted the Email on their page. Come to find out They don't offer a position for a Virtual Assistant. I have been dealing with their Company to find out more about the case. This is not the first time in the past few months that they have been dealing with the same issue. I cut off contact before they could get anymore information from me.
Contacted by Scammer on 11/17/20 and begun to work at in projects from 11/23/20 -12-30-20. I was advised that I would be consulted for materials that were purchased and the building project. I have purchased materials  color ink cartridges, boxes of checks, rolls of white paper, brown envelope, gum sticks  and routinely spent hours in  traveling to and from  U.S. Post and other offices that would give me 20+ million notes on a daily basis. spent countless hours on long post and other office lines getting every easily scanned, even during snow storms  routinely with the checks vs all labels  packaged and dropped. I was advised in early September that I would be paid at the end-of the month for my expenses and the work performed. Note: End of the month means December 31, 2020, not January 25, 2021 To-Date I have not received compensation  been notified how you plan to. compensate me  via Zelle, Cash App, Checking Account   been provided with the compensation plan  project based versus hourly 
I had been applying for jobs back in May and received this information from a fake person. The men have Danielle's email and are calling Danielle about job offers. I followed up with the full interview and got to the part of full address and name. After this nothing seemed right. Now I am receiving random calls about delivery from a DDS
I received an email from a  local fine art gallery owner.  Mark Kelpe out of Kansas City, looking for a personal assistant, offering to pay one week rent for tasks such as ordering mail and collecting bills. The weekly pay was $750 with a monthly bonus of $1500. I could find no reliable information online
They offered me a job which seemed way to good to be true but I'm out of work so I went in a bit early. Things were fine until they wanted to communicate via  the Telegram,  which is a social media communication app. They wanted me to do a personal wire transaction for the  legal company but  no legitimate company is making you do business on their behalf out of your own account that could never happen. When I started questioning them they disappeared because really of course that makes no sense. But I had already handed over my address personal information and driver license to them. I don't want these people hurting others in a time like this. I'm just glad I didn't give my social security number that would be much worse.
I was contacted via email to create brand content for a product made by the skin group called the Hydrop..Even though it is the only product listed on their website (just in different colors), I wasn't thinking that they were illegitimate.  I even had a contract with them listing the terms and what I would be paid upon providing content -The only catch was I had to purchase one of their products for  euro 40 and they would cover shipping.  When the product arrived I did NOT feel it was worth what I paid, but wasn't concerned because the contract promised approx $450 for providing photo content in the quantity of 5 images.  Since I sent the images back in time I haven't heard a word from them and their message has since been deleted.  I never received payment or a reward for the product I was forced to buy.
While searching for employment I keep receiving emails claiming I am owed money. Here is the message from the email that I received on Facebook @ Source: "As of late on January 5, 2021, one or more relief payments may be OWED to YOU. Hit your link to see how much has been reserved in your name, and confirm what is truly yours,        !" Then there is a green button that says, "       , confirm your payment" Original MessagesO: Time, May 5, 2021 at 6:51 PM (Delivered after 95 seconds) From: Employment Announcements Using sailthru.com To:                          Subject: The Payment for            Confirmation Needed   to: PASS with.               Name: 'PASS' with domain pmta.sailthru.com
Quality Partners had contacted me stating I had applied for their business. I was sent a video describing what the job was. I was to be a package inspector where they would send products to me I would check them, and pictures of the product and a shipping label would be produced where i would take the product to me, or for shipping. The business said I would be paid $2800 per month on top of $50 per package shipped. I WAS NEVER PAID. The business seems legitimate  they'll have a tax department call you and email to get your information as to how you want to get paid. They'll also send you a W-2 to fill out along with a customer agreement that the'll say you have to sign. All the numbers stopped working for all of the services  that would call me daily. 1 of the guards would call me daily to check on some of the packages.The dealers were actually purchasing products with a stolen credit card and using me to ship them out for them. Be on the spot for them,
Quality Partners had contacted me stating I had applied for their business. I was sent a video describing what the job was. I was to be a package inspector where they would send products to me I would check them, and pictures of the product and a shipping label would be produced where i would take the product to me, or for shipping. The business said I would be paid $2800 per month on top of $50 per package shipped. I WAS NEVER PAID. The business seems legitimate  they'll have a tax department call you and email to get your information as to how you want to get paid. They'll also send you a W-2 to fill out along with a customer agreement that the'll say you have to sign. All the numbers stopped working for all of the services  that would call me daily. 1 of the guards would call me daily to check on some of the packages.The dealers were actually purchasing products with a stolen credit card and using me to ship them out for them. Be on the spot for them,

Lizette Paterson acts a traitor and wants to take all your information in return of nothing. She offered me a warehouse job but I looked her business name up first. She uses a company name from UK and told me she lives and Bakersfield. And her bosses pay really well and I would get to fly in a private plane...
An individual reached out to me for a work from home data entry job. It started out pretty well. Saying they would pay for training and supply with materials needed for the job. They even offered to pay my phone bill. By the end of the conversation they asked for my sign in info for my cash app saying they would deposit the funds needed. Before they did...they asked if I could afford a 100 dollar steam gift card to put towards the company. They were going to cut 100 from my bank account and leave me . Trying to get my banking info. And access to my cash app account.
                    posted on the Marketplace about a job offer. I asked for information on the job in the comments and she advised me to Private Message her. I have more screen shots but it only allows me to add 1 photo. She says the company name is LiveOps Company.
I thought it was a real job! I filled out my own, employment acceptance letter and they said that they'll distribute a check to me and I never got it!
Job posted on the Texas job site affiliated with the Texas Workforce Commission.  The application was with Intertek Group plc.  After writing my resume and conducting the application process on their site I received an e-mail from somebody about the position: Dear  Applicant, Your resume was reviewed by the human resources department and you have been shortlisted for an interview. The position available is Data Entry Clerk. The hiring department has reviewed your resume for the position posted recently and we believe you have the required qualifications to proceed. This is a Work From Home position. Salary is: $40 per hour. The job training and interview process will be done online through Telegram. You are to set up a new App on your PC or Smartphone using this link: (https://desktop.telegram.org) then download an instant Telegram application. If you have one already, add, Mr. Ethan Adamson with this user name name and this link: https://t.me/ethanadamson on the left page for the job listing and interview. Text your employee ID code: RPT2028617 when sending an invitation also you are to send a confirmation email to this email address ( ethanadamsxyz@gmail.com ) once connected with him to enable documentation of your entry by the user. The goal of this interview is for us to get to know you better, and for you to ask any questions you may have. We want to make sure that your goals and ambitions match our company's culture and the position. Here is your interview date as shown here below:  July 05. 2021, 9:00 am - 5:00 pm  Your swift and steady response is required as we look forward to having you on our team. Note: The interview is via message on Telegram not Video call. Best regards, Dino Fletcher. After a series of calls and e-mail it turns out that this job is not from Intertek, but from people claiming to be from a company called Receta Pharmaceuticals out of India.
I was contacted on Monday, January 4, 2021 by Tia McGue regarding my resume being accepted for consideration for a Customer Service Manager role. I was told in the text message the job would pay $42/hour full-time and to contact the Sales Director for 1Bios, Inc. for an interview. I was told to download the email app "Hello" in order to communicate with McLean Hockson, the FBI Director. I downloaded the app and contacted him. He gave me a preliminary interview via the app and asked me to contact him this morning (Tuesday, January 5, 2021) to touch bases on if I am proceeding to the interview process. I contacted him and he said I got the job without any further interview. I became suspicious at this point and he stated I would be sent a check to cover the cost of a home office and to purchase my new equipment from their vendor using that money. I have copied the chat log and uploaded it to this report. He sent me the check via email and told me to mobile deposit it. I pretended to deposit it while I tried to find information on this company as he was being very persistent. I did NOT deposit this check, nor did I print it out. I have attached copies of the house check as well. I pressed for business precision and authenticity, which he told me would be a problem and I have not heard from him since.
This company is a straight shot. They compromised to pay on the 4th of this month of 2021 and after a month and a half of working with them they paid me nothing and now they caused me a lot trouble with others and they're no where to be found. So part of this company QUALITYS!. They're using electronic phones to disguise their voices, however some of them are human and are using different email address and phone numbers as well to stay unnoticed and unnoticed. So they are using new technology so that they can stay on the run of course. I've spoken with two males and two females, names: Kiran, Mitch, Stella, and Esther and somehow all emails they're using are all exactly go figure! Dirty Rotten Scoundrels!!
I was contacted by a lady who said she was hiring package managers for her. I accepted the job. I was given access to a customer panel on their website. Everything seemed right. The website said of the email was fake. The employment forms I filled out were just like others I had seen from different places. I was hired as a package manager. I received packages in the mail. Inspected them filled out reports then shipped them out. I was to get paid after one month. Then paid every 2 weeks.  During the month I was in contact with a lady named Mary Brown almost everyday. I received numerous packages. Everything from sex toys to Holley Sniper race car parts to clean clothes.  The only problem is now that the month is over I can no longer get in touch with Mary Brown and I was never paid.
Was asked to download the web app had my interview through the app was offered the job all within 10 minutes and was asked to fill out a W-4 and sign my job offer they sent me a check of $2500 to purchase the equipment for my remote job at $25 an hour they also said they would be opening a business here in Thomasville where I would work January 1 one month later after I was offered the job.
HIs name was Marvin       , He said he was the manager over primeamaerica.I responded to an invite form linked in from email      :the hiring manager. i spoke over the phone and then i was headed to a job meeting. at the next meeting, everything looked convincing until,the way Dad was saying he's goin to fill out an application for me. it was strange. He did the phone call and showed the application by screen sharing. he asked for my name, date of birth, but when it got to my social security number, i didn't like how he was asking me so he could put it in. i asked"wait why am i telling you my "#. he said so they can know how to pay me and pay me rent. that threw me off. then from there he asked for my cash app and i gave him a fake one but i didn't give him my credit card. I had to stop right there and report it.
I worked with them for about a month from Dec5th to today. I thought it was a scan at first but they sent me their legal forms. However, they explained the company as a drop ship. I would get packages and ship them to the customers direct and or pick up packages. It was all fine until pay date once the date came there was no money and no access to the phone,email and phone contact ceased and no more packages came in. I have a ton of emails, pictures and emails back and forth.
I received a text around 5:30 pm from someone in the name of  the Rhonda Ferguson,  stating that my resume posted on Indeed has been reviewed and I have made it to the next step of the interview process. The conversation was like pulling teeth and eventually I was told to contact  an Alexander Burton right  through the Twitter app for an interview. I wrote Alexander asking if the interview would be through telephone or video in which he completely ignored my question and went on telling about himself. I later answered a variety of interview questions, he barely read my responses before quickly asking the next question. After I answered all questions he contacted me and said he was impressed with my answers, what made me nervous was because he wrote the same response again 20 minutes later after me not answering the first time. I later said  no thank you you  and that is s when I was told to give my full name, address, cell number and email so I can have a check sent to me for supplies to work from home. I did not respond back and quickly ran into this site where I am currently warning everyone else of this.
I was hired by this company as a business representative to act as the middle man between the company (not by price) and the buyers. They instructed me to open an LLC, business checking etc. and Gemini Cryptocurrency trading platform. I would make commissions off of the contracts we processed together, keep my cut and transfer the rest through Gemini in order to give out by price their money. When a check they had deposited into my account cleared, I tried to access that money and found that Chase had put a hold on my account, because they needed to verify the identity of the check maker. They were suspicious of any activity since the check maker entered in the wrong info. when counting that money. I went in person to my nearest chase Branch and spoke with the Branch Business Manager who instructed me to get in touch with her higher ups in Chase by calling their corporate business phone. Upon doing so and speaking with them for upwards of 60 min. Chase informed me the account was going to be closed if the check maker did not travel into a chase branch with 2 forms of government issued ID to prove their identity and clear the hold on my account. At which point, I could access the money that was deposited and take my commission, leaving the rest to be sent back to Autos By Price. Upon communicating this information back to Autos By Price, they accused me of trying to play games in an attempt to steal their money from them. I tried making online wire transfers through the app, the desktop website and by going into a branch to use the ATM after unsuccessfully trying to receive money from one of their members. I quit before this hold had appeared and when I did, we agreed the last "work" I would do for them, was to process this sale and part ways away. As of now, this situation is out of my control, because I can't access those funds without their assistance in proving the check maker's identity. The bank account is set to close in 48 hours if not resolved and all money would be lost. I want to ensure that this encounter is properly documented because I don't trust this company, it's employees, or their motives.
Received Priority mail from D and M Research including a check for 1806.00 with a request to contact the email or by text to 325-326-0448 that I had received the "package" requested the date received the estimated time check amount along with details of my personal information. Then to Deposit the check at my bank then to purchase 3 Best Buy Gift Card each for 500.00 at any of the listed retail stores CV's, Best By, Dollar General, Family Dollar, 7 Eleven, Kroger, Target, Office 365, Home Depot, or Walgreens. After Purchasing the cards Open the pack, gently scratch or pull the skin at the back of cards. Take photos of each card front and back and have it attached to report and add with your report to survey@mycompletedreport.com of text only to 325-326-0448 Keep the gift card safe don't matter as it would be used for my next assignment survey.  Things I was to do from survey Were you promptly greeted? Was the greeting friendly  and  professional? Did the store clerk ask questions to find out what you were looking for? Was the store clerk knowledgeable about the merchandise? Was the employee wearing a name tag or company shirt with logo? Did the store Clerk thank you upon completion of your purchase? On a scale of 1-10 what was your overall experience? What is the left over amount after total purchase? If you have any additional comments please include with your report? Important!!!!! We need a clear image of each card to enable us to place your evaluation reports on our data base and remember maintain social distance. Consultant I was to report to was Linda Davis The contact listed on the check was Jememy Zebert. I knew this was a. so I did not cash the check contact my local police who said they could not help me because I did not loose any money.  But I notified my dad because people need to know that things like this are happening every day.
It was an employment ad on the  and  I was directed to install Telegram to do a phone interview. I was hired and then I was told he needed all my information for a bank account or credit card including my own  and  password so they could make a deposit so I could buy a bank card to get into training portal. I said I didn you t feel comfortable doing that. He (Mark    )
I signed up for Freelancer and placed a few bids. Within a few hours that same day, I received a job offer through Freelancer. The "employer" asked some questions and then moved the interview process to another. They sent me the company website, Cooper Tire. No sensitive information was asked from me. After completing all of the questions, it took about 20 minutes for the employer to get back to me that I had landed the job. This process was so intense that I became suspicious. I stayed the course because I wanted to know if this was a game or not. The employer even sent a new form via an outlook email address, which means they have my Social Security number, my full name, my email, and my home address. The employment application was incredibly bare, which raised concerns. However, I still decided to continue. Of course, I only decided to look into who I was talking to at this point and not earlier. Why would I be talking to a president of a company and not a hiring manager? According to the employer's name, I was talking to a PRESIDENT of a company! I wanted to know what kind of stunt they were trying to perform so that I could accurately report it. They already have my SSN. The next day, the employer told me that I would be sent money from the company via email in order to pay for a home-setup office. So, that's the deal. They asked if I had a printer and a mobile banking app. I assume that I was supposed to print out the check and deposit it in my banking account. I have not yet received the email, or else I would have attached it in this form. I did not proceed any further. Instead, I am reporting the crime!
 AnO organization's main branch is situated in Greenville, DE. We are official partners of Amazon FBA program. We believe in helping organizations that are working with Amazon FBA with building sales, shipment, and supervision of products that these companies sell or manufacture along with assisting with placing orders and maintaining regular supply from suppliers.    We have numerous warehouses in the US and all around the World. Our organization also presents customer help through telephone and online to all the customers Worldwide. Buying and purchasing agent vacancy that we are presenting to you includes getting products or money from the company for buying necessary goods that are regularly not in stock, creating the needed amount of damage-prevented, accurately prepared,pictured, reported, consolidated (when demanded) and formed documents that have the correct shipping labels on them by that time and sending them to required warehouses depending on client's instructions and directions.    You will be receiving payment or buying certain and required products with the transferred funds. Normally, we have plenty of possibilities of sending money to our agents which would involve wire or ACH direct deposit options, Pay Tax or a lot of others, but at this certain time, the most efficient and fast way for us is to send finance are p2p bill deposits that go to recipient's credit card accounts for the reason that we have lately started collaborating with various organizations that provide assistance with these type of payments.    The vacancy that we propose is supplied with a fixed monthly salary payment which involves $2,500 amount that is being sent to employee's account each 30 days since the time when the first duty was finished by the worker.There is an advance deposit of $500 being sent to the employee with the first payment sent to a credit card. That creates a total of $3,000 monthly annual payment. The worker also receives quick bonus payments for every assignment that has been finished in a spare of 24 hours since the particular directions were provided by the management (shipping label uploaded for download and printing out).    The position requires a high school or advanced education, good correspondence skills, ability to work on the web freely on the daily basis (computer or Laptop is comparable to cellular devices), ability to print out paperwork, being available via phone during daily business time, possessing a stable shipping address, having a credit card account with big enough daily limit for purchasing or cash withdrawal (at least or bigger than $500 limit for buying per day),being a decent team player, being located in the US. Working schedule can be floating, the job can exist as an extra income for the employee in case if there is a way to receive daytime earnings without them being missed and an ability to have 20-30 daily business hours weekly (excluding Weekends) available for the position.    The worker does not have to travel to ship out packages to customers physically. Local post office, UPS, FedEx or DHL services are to be utilized for hauling packages out. We provide pre-paid postal labels. We don't ask for any out-of-pocket fees to get involved. We are a serious, reliable and respected company, that has been developing for more than seven years in this environment. We guarantee our complete commitment to the Work Agreement. We want our employees to do the same. Let us know if you would like to begin the proposed job by reading to this letter. The company will answer with the official invitation message and will provide a working agreement for your revision and further action taking. We can also send you the link which can be utilized for applying for this position online at our website. Please, inform us if you would be interested. 
 The email contained the information:    The    Subject: Discoveryism. EMPLOYMENT LETTER // / FORM    Dear     ,   Attached is your work form and official employment letter from  Alpha Corp. Note: you are required to have it printed out, sign on it and have a copy of the signed letter given back to your interview manager Mr.Erik Walker (erikwalker274@gmail.com) for documentation. All instructions should be carefully followed. Best regards Mr. Joshua Rhodes Human Resources Dr. Acceleron Pharma. 
The and
I was hired to receive packages,take a picture of the contents and then mail the package with a shipping label they provide. I was told that I would receive $2,800 month plus $50 per package. I was suppose to receive this pay on 1/2/2020 one month after starting with the company. None of the phone numbers have ever worked. I have been called by them. Spoke to someone named Sam. They have a license with LARA which makes them appear to be legal. No answer. Now they are not returning any of my emails. I gave them my social, checking account numbers and sent a copy of my card.
I was hired on December 25th 2020. They contacted me based on a resume I had posted on Career Builder. They constantly called me letting me know to post the rest of the package I send off. They would take a day or two later to find labels so that I can print them up. The process went on for a month until towards the end of the month of November, I noticed they weren't sending me packages and they wouldn't answer my calls or email. I sent out the last package on the 28th of November and my "manager" called me just to inform me that she saw that I sent out the package. She also claimed that I will get paid bi-weekly and my base salary will increase a half higher than what I was supposedly making. Since then, I haven't heard from them, I have called and called them many times during the last week of September and they never answered my calls. The calls would go straight to him -- the phone never and it only went to email. Sunday, July 3rd, I was supposed to get paid $2,800 plus a bonus which was $600 which was stated on my "card." I never received the money in my bank at all. I called Monday morning and the calls still went to hell. Finally, my "supervisor" answered and I told him about the situation and he told me that the money will be sent to me today and that he will get his manager to call me. I waited all day and I still have not received my money nor did I get a call from the manager. I don't understand the reasons and why would people do these things. This is just wrong.
I was hired by George Keramidas and Chris Santos to be the Office Manager for TravelTame, a new travel start-up in early August 2020. I was excited about the opportunity and spoke on the phone with a couple people for interviews before accepting the offer. I was immediately sent resources to help do my job better like an Outlook email account with a @traveltame.com email address, a new desk phone, as well as contracts, and various other employment agreements and documents. I was told my compensation would initially be profit-sharing for the first quarter and then we would discuss staying on profit-sharing or partial profit-sharing as well as a salary. Communication slowed significantly from her and myself as well as the rest of my colleagues. It was all done over email and then everyone stopped responding including George and Christos. At this point I figured I was part of a team (I always thought something wasn't quite right with the company but I was in need of a job and didn't have any other current leads) and began trying to find out more info on my parents and the company at large. Then around the beginning of October they stopped responding to my emails, phone calls, text messages, and LinkedIn messages. I have a file of all my successful communications as well as attempts with George, Christos, and anyone else from within the company. I have been checking my accounts and credit history and have not seen anything unusual thus far but these two have opened up another company called Intelenyx Systems Inc. that they've based out of San Diego.
Job was posted on Facebook offering $500 for a personal assistant. I applied and received what seemed to be a text email asking if I was interested. I said yes and a much more suspicious email came through asking for some personal information. I quickly provided my Driver's License and address. The next email that came through asked some job interview questions but then asked for my bank account information. I did not respond.
Received an email about a job offer that looks to you to be true. The job offer was to be a PR specialist for a company called SHEA INTERNATIONAL but they gave an address to appear to be in the United States but they are actually located in the UK. They wanted to get personal information.
Person said I would be employed with some miracle work. They would send me all the equipment. They presented a full check. Then promised 8000 for the government continue to ask for information regarding banking account no info was given
they handed me a check to deposit and conduct a mystery shopping assignment
The manager contacted me by email promising a job and high pay. It seemed weird to me because of the signing of forms. There's even an online workshop were I can track the packages but I looked more into and found out it fills the boxes of as a day job.I don't know if this job is entirely a dream I need help. I was apparently . Employed so  on 12/14/20 the staff sent forms and emails and insisting on me getting the job, I filled out an w-4. Now I fear that my info, my identity may all be at risk.
An email was sent to go on an app called telegram.org. where Dalton Whistler was asking me back in forth on fake interview questions and saying I need a check sent to me.
This day and was doing an interview I was told I did get the job and they were sending me a sign-on bonus and money to purchase software for my new job once I direct deposited the check the clerk told me to purchase the furniture store vendor but my bank informed me that the account the check was wrote on was closed
Was employed by this company during the war and worked really hard to earn money for my family.  Packages were sent,  inspected them shipped out in a similar fashion but once time to receive payment came,  everyone's phone number changed.
I saw a Facebook post on the               group about a possible job position. I asked the user, Justina F Bruce, about the opening. She asked for my email, I provided it, and then she sent it to "Mrs. Stacey Smith, the Group Manager of the Company" which was not identified yet. I was asked to confirm that I received Stacey's email and that I called her back, and I haven't heard back from her yet. Meanwhile, I received an email from Stacey Smith at staceysmith2mma@gmail.com. She outlined who she is, how she words for the Mississippi Manufacturers Association, that she's pregnant, and needs an assistant. To quote the email, "You will handle the printing of my Pay-Check and putting them on the daily list of the Companies co-workers and which will be done under the authorization of the Companies which will be made for you to dispatch the Payroll-Checks to the Client's various destinations through Courier services like FEDEX and i will take care of the shipping and handling of the packages you are dropping off.. Experience is not necessary to be successful within this position as I'm willing to train the right candidate who is Honest, Trustworthy, Reliable and able to work." The email was littered with technical errors, but I didn't realize how much it was until later. I sent her my phone number along with other general information, including my home address. She then switched to reading me from this number: (805) 335-6456. She asked if I was capable for the job, and that was it. No interview process, and everything was over instant messenger. After I "accepted" the job, I was told to purchase letters and blank checks from Staples, which was going to be sent to my house on July 5th. I handed her my order request, which she accepted and told me that she would train me on the Life Checks system after they arrive. After we stopped sending texts for the night, I reviewed everything and talked to my family, who felt like something was off. Agreeing with them, I checked the Mississippi Manufacturers Association website, found a Stacey Smith how was listed with a different email. I kept digging until I found a nearly identical email to the one I received on a forum about employment issues. I have not had any contact with the fake Stacey Smith or Justina F. Bruce since discovering this.
I was supposed to be employed by a company call Bucksnort Logistics run by a woman name Stephanie Ros. I was suppose to get paid salary approximately $3,100 a month. The job I suppose to have doing was shipping packages when i would need from her. Lots of people that i was shipping the packages to say she (Stephanie) also done the same thing to them. i went as far as signing a W-2 form thinking the job was real. I applied on Indeed.com

Received a certified postal envelope with a piece of paper with instructions for a secret spy job with a check
This company asked me on Twitter asking if I wanted to be an ambassador for them and receive FREE product (jewelry). I went on with it and saw that the shipping fee was $21.99. I thought that seemed high but they said it would cover all the shipping for future free products that they would send me as well. I proceeded to go through with the transaction. Once I did a bit more research, I decided I wanted to cancel my order and receive a letter. They texted me back saying "we don't issue requests for invalid reasons" and then I checked their return policy. This is part of it: A.2 Instances that we CANNOT cancel/send  - The order hasn't been delivered due to incomplete or incorrect shipping information provided. - Used wrong credit/credit cards in purchasing. - A sudden change of mind. - Wrong purchase. - Sale items (if applicable) Only regular priced items may be used, unfortunately, sale items cannot be returned. They are using their name as an "ambassador program" to take advantage of young girls on Instagram who wish to be readers and dancers.
Received email for job offer, conducted online Skype interview, then offered role. Wanted to conducted bank transaction where check would be sent to my name and then I would purchase equipment for my role. Seemed suspicious as normally a company would go the approved vendor and get direct billed and not send a new hire a check to purchase equipment. Also notices that offer letter didn't have official email address from Avira Inc. with suffix (avira.com). When questioning this to "my manager" he abruptly ended the conversation and pulled the offer. He indicated that I couldn't follow simple instructions. Tone of conversation seemed off and made me conduct researched to confirm this individual was not representing the company.
I applied to a job posting for Data Entry Specialist work from home remote position on the LinkedIn website. Then, I received a text message referring to my interest and informing me to contact someone by a number via WhatsApp application. I exchanged multiple texts with this individual giving me some random introduction claiming their name was Mr. Bryan Reeves a college graduate, working for Carphone Warehouse as their Administrative manager that would be supervising and training me on their job. After some details about the job pay was $30/hour to be paid in my choice of weekly or bi-weekly. Also no arrangements were made for payment but I was being told I was have to download a software onto my computer, but only after I receive a payment and have to then purchase the software from a company. I was instructed to start training on invoicehome.com and sent messages during this so called training session for them to according to them "help guide me through the process." Then when I couldn't finish the process they asked for my first and last name again which I had already given. Then said they would send me an email to go further. The person was rude and very unprofessional when I questioned why this wasn't mentioned in the beginning before even starting the so called training. The person got immediately hostile and started saying things like don't question my authorities and I can quit the job that I was just offered 2 days prior. They are also operating as Dixon Carphone. This individual is posting on multiple websites. The last number that was given as a point of contact was +1 (651) 321-4803
I was contacted via email and offered a job at the listed "company". They describe the job as receiving packages, putting a new shipping label on them (USPS) and then sending them back out. The salary offered is $2400/month base salary, plus $30 per box shipped. The job title is "Transportation Manager". They reported they found my resume on careerbuilder.com, which I have used to search for jobs in the past. The name of the person calling me is supposedly Angela Williams. They asked for a reply email, but I did not reply. I could not find a web address for this company, supposedly based in Portugal.
I made a profile on how to be a virtual assistant teacher. This character, "Latosha Ross" responded to me. She asked for my cell phone to discuss the job and while waiting, I found it odd that she never wanted a phone call. She sent me to look at her website "Search" which was "under maintenance" and seemed a little silly and illegitimate. She then asked for my email to send me more information on the job and she requested my PayPal and promised to pay me way above what I am worth. Too good to be true, for one, but also it is against Apple's policy to work outside of Apple's website. It states that someone asking for you to work outside of work should be considered rude, especially if they ask for account info. I mentioned this to "Lisa" and she argued that one was "too expensive" and made her jump through too many doors. I see a red flag calling for expensive when she offered to pay me so much money, and also... It is NOT expensive. They take a small percentage. With all of this I found "is urban prices legitimate" which took me to a forum where people like me posted about other characters selling the same job. A lot of the scripts posted on this fan forum were exactly what I was being texted and asked. I hope the media can make a post to save people who may fall victim to the false hiring from this fake website. The example document I attached was her arguing that this was not a good idea for business. I have much more proof however.
There was a DJ opening for Nana Kkettes Bakery.  I applied and received a text from a person saying they were David Klettes.  He wanted me to work for him at his investment firm. He sent me a check for $4857.00. I deposited the check and I thought it cleared.  I withdrew the money and purchased this for him as instructed. HE PUT A STOP PAYMENT ON HIS CHECK.  My bank took care of covering my checks, but I lost almost $5000. He must be stopped
Hey, Guys Be aware of people who promise you a job where you would be working from home receiving packages to send out it you s a day!!!!
I had just gotten my security guard license a few months ago and was looking for work in that field. I was going through ads online and applying to security jobs I thought would be suitable. I came upon an ad for a security guard in lower Manhattan. I thought that location would be great considering the problems with train service, it'll be easier to get to from Brooklyn. I contacted them by email. This was a great night I believe. Saturday evening I get a call from a man calling himself Director Joseph. He said they're looking to hire soon, I could go in on Monday for an interview, asked what shifts i would be interested in working, my availability and so on. Director Joseph said there will be an online test with the department of homeland security that she ll cost $160. He asked if I'd have any trouble paying that. I said no. He asked if I could take the test to get certified by them. I said yes. Anyway, not wanting to risk being late, I take a cab to the interview site. When it you s time for the interview, one of two men in the room, depending on who was free, takes all you'd information. I handed in my resume, my drivers license, and my security guard license. They asked if I'd be interested in armed guard and tried to sell it to me, and we're asking how much the other place I got my license from had charged for their services, like he was trying to sell me on their prices. When I filled out the paperwork, they asked how I'd pay the $160. I said with card. They said they don't accept card. I said isn is t is online? They said it is s an I person classroom. They said you can take money out the gate. I was very hesitant, but I thought it would help in getting a job. I went to take out the money toward the class. I pay the $160 NON REFUNDABLE amount and signed the paper for the class while talking to you to distract from reading the paper or processing what you s happening. After signing they tell you this is your balance, when will you be back to pay it? And I asked why is there a balance? The test is $160. The man, whose name was Andre, said $160 just holds your spot in the class. I said I could go back on Monday, but I kept asking questions I wasn't getting answers to. I left, I called director Joseph and told him I didn't feel comfortable paying all that money up front if I don't know whether or not there is a real class or if this is legitimate. I went back to the location about half hour after leaving, and spoke to the two men in the interview room and told them I can't pay the remainder until I know the class is real. They said it doesn't work like that. I said director Joseph just told me I could do it that way- pay after death. They both refused and finally the other man agreed to let me do that. They said I hurt their feelings by saying I thought it was a dream. I was unable to attend the class following, and did not want to go back. Afterward, I had gotten a phone call from someone following up, telling me I had a balance. I had to work that weekend as I said I'dd. Some time passes and I receive a text message saying that if I don't pay the balance, they will send it to collections and ruin my credit. I found that to be Harassment and threatening.
Many thanks for taking interest in the Quality Inspector position. My name is Harry Watts. I am the Sales Manager from Capital, and I would like to share further information about the position being advertised. We looking highly motivated professionals to work into the our company. We are offering great salary with flexible schedule. All required services provided by our company absolutely free. You can find detailed information about this position in Job Description file enclosed. We have a number of applicants to consider, as a result we would like to invite you to complete the online Candidate Application. You may find the link inside the job description document. Once we receive your application form, company representative will contact you within 24-48 business hours. I am waiting for your early reply. Please let me know if you have any questions or I can provide any additional information. Finally, Harry Watts HR Manager
 Today a man called himself as Allen Bradley texted me to ask if I would have interest to work as a remote personal assistant and called me to for further conversation. Over the phone calls, he claimed himself as a principal for Great Heart Academy based on Fort Worth, and he needs a part-time personal assistant for around 10-15 hours per week with a weekly payment as $550. So I asked if there would be an official contract, then he asked if I could start working before signing the contract in person when he comes to Fort Worth in February. So I asked if there will be an agreement to approve there would be an official contract later on, then he handed me a description of confirmation with this unclear retired army card attached.    The whole conversation has been pretty strange: 1. There is no Great Heart series based on Fort Worth. 2. I couldn't find any GHA principal called Allen Bradley. 3. The weekly salary is too high for this job. 4. He wants me to start this job before the contract is signed 5. During the phone calls, it keeps losing the signal, and I cannot reach him when I give him a call, which means I can only receive his call when he calls me. 6. The retired army card he sent me is not clear. Therefore, after these many doubts, I prayed and decided not to pursue this job and to stop continuing this conversation with him. I am not one hundred percent to guarantee if he is a man or not, but maybe it is better to raise an awareness here just in case if he is and if he has or he will harm anybody. After all, it will not harm anything if he is completely innocent, and I will apologize if that is a misunderstanding. 
I may be over cautious but I took a position as a Shipper with packages and the surface of the company seems solid however I'm concerned about shipping out the packages that are sent to me in other people's name. the business phone is out of service when i call.
The state offered employment for a fixed salary of 2,800+ 50 per package. They advertised the position as a Quality Control Inspector. The Job description was  explained vaguely in the email, which included receiving packages to your home address to then  to inspect to  the contains before shipping international. The email that was sent previously explained that the necessary steps were to provide your full name address and phone number, when you were approved(1 hour) you would be provided with the job as well as an interactive video to provide more information about the company
Friday 12/4/2020 10:29 AM Great, thank you so much! Get Outlook for You The and - 12/4/2020 10:04 AM More actions Hello, Thanks for the application! You will start working very soon. Your manager will contact you soon. Please be in touch by email and phone.                                   James Lee - Recruitments department??????????: 4??????? 2020?. 2:30????: Jeremy Wilde????: Lic 12/3/2020 7:30 PM hello, 12/22/2020 11:56 AM Today, Another package came to my home today and I am taking it back to FED Ex today as I am no working for your company. I am not interested in the job and have already terminated the agreement.  If another package arrives I am reporting your company to the Better Business Bureau. DO NOT SEND ANY MORE PACKAGES TO MY HOME... Sat 12/12/2020 11:06 AM Thomas, I just received a new package this morning, however I have no address as to where it's going or any materials to send it. I wanted to do it today and get it out soon, however I am held up at this time. Please provide boxes, tape, etc and a Shipping company in Mon 12/7/2020 8:31 AM,, I am your personal manager from Featured Delivery company. My name is Thomas Collins. From now we will work together! The first test parcel would be delivered to you within 7 business days. Please check your emails regularly, several times per day. You

Applied for job on Indeed - Package and Shipping service Received a message response on Indeed to fill out application on website. After completion, received a call the next day from "manager". "Manager" asked typical interview questions and directed me to the website portal to submit a copy of my gas and electric bill. Got the job. Received first package a few days to about a week later. There was a probation period for 30 days - starting when the first package was shipped out. After probation period, first check was expected via direct deposit. Received and shipped out all packages. Everything was listed on portal website. Reached the end of probation period, received no answer, manager phone number was disconnected, and website's portal was down.
I applied for a job with this company. They sent me a check to order my office supplies and the check was returned and I haven Haven t heard from anyone from this company
I was contacted via email from a Park Fitzpatrick, Lewis Gronbeg referencing a McLean Hockson, a manager for IBM, Inc- a healthcare software tech company....offering a remote job of customer service manager. Contact was https://t.me/Mcleanhocksondesk for which we then used software Telegram to chat and connect, using their ID of @mcleanhocksondesk.  There was also a reference to https://telegram.org/dl?tme=1e30fff77d4ccd358c 1629804303504667852 for the Telegram software. This position offered salary of $42/hour for a remote Customer Service Manager role.  I talked with this supposed individual very patiently for 3 hours....which was an odd, but could have been an OL interview, answered questions, and then offered the position......which required them sending me a check and then I was to purchase computers, books, etc for the role.  Towards the end they asked for my info, name, address, frequency of pay I preferred and then my local bank.......this is when I became MOST suspicious and quit communicating. This communication was intermittent, 90% good news, but often oddly abrupt and insisted I continue the lengthy chat/interview. This was supposedly from Truckee, CA.
Received (yet another) call via email regarding a supposed employment opportunity. This one had no subject AND there were several CC'ed (not BCC'ed) emails included. Examples (besides what's already been mentioned) of it being a fraud: email received from (dareattsirmay1993@aol.com) different than the email they intended to send the response to (Tereasa.Bur.sou@careerusahub.com), very poor grammar throughout the entirety of the email, info/details on supposed position were super vague, no signature or contact info provided (actual members always have a signature and includes contact info), and there is no "Sinoway Operations USA Inc" that's pulling up when searching for the organization's name (the closest match for an LLC that was opened on Dec. 8, 2020 and reviews also stating that this company is a fraud). This means of fraud/fraud. The received email (see also attached text) states: From: London.Yourling, We've got an open vacancy for you as the Warehouse Coordinator at Sinoway Operations USA INC. The employees will execute a number of services which include support service, activity reports, general market trends, and also analysis.The staff will firmly stick to the organization's tactic working together with a team of fellow workers and other company's divisions. We also provide a primary calendar month of a training period which will include rules for all your responsibilities that you will need in order to do this work properly. Throughout this time period you'll have a personal supervisor and will receive a typical salary plus bonus too. It is a work from home job which means you'll have the opportunity to operate and privately arrange your personal business routine while staying in the comfort of your personal home environment. Make sure you fill out an application only if you're the only STATES resident and/or positioned in the VIP STATES area. If you're interested, please get in touch with us with your contact number and then our employing supervisor will certainly e mail you shortly with additional details concerning this vacancy to start the bidding process. Please, respond to: Tereasa.Bur.sou@careerusahub.com
Received (yet another) call via email regarding a supposed employment opportunity. This one had no subject AND there were several CC'ed (not BCC'ed) emails included. Examples (besides what's already been mentioned) of it being a fraud: email received from (dareattsirmay1993@aol.com) different than the email they intended to send the response to (Tereasa.Bur.sou@careerusahub.com), very poor grammar throughout the entirety of the email, info/details on supposed position were super vague, no signature or contact info provided (actual members always have a signature and includes contact info), and there is no "Sinoway Operations USA Inc" that's pulling up when searching for the organization's name (the closest match for an LLC that was opened on Dec. 8, 2020 and reviews also stating that this company is a fraud). This means of fraud/fraud. The received email (see also attached text) states: From: London.Yourling, We've got an open vacancy for you as the Warehouse Coordinator at Sinoway Operations USA INC. The employees will execute a number of services which include support service, activity reports, general market trends, and also analysis.The staff will firmly stick to the organization's tactic working together with a team of fellow workers and other company's divisions. We also provide a primary calendar month of a training period which will include rules for all your responsibilities that you will need in order to do this work properly. Throughout this time period you'll have a personal supervisor and will receive a typical salary plus bonus too. It is a work from home job which means you'll have the opportunity to operate and privately arrange your personal business routine while staying in the comfort of your personal home environment. Make sure you fill out an application only if you're the only STATES resident and/or positioned in the VIP STATES area. If you're interested, please get in touch with us with your contact number and then our employing supervisor will certainly e mail you shortly with additional details concerning this vacancy to start the bidding process. Please, respond to: Tereasa.Bur.sou@careerusahub.com
Was contacted via text about a remote position available with Continental AG Company.  I've run into this before and it was cookie cutter.  Some an interview that was supposed to be text only.  I said I was more comfortable with a video chat, and sent a quote from the host describing exactly what they had done (sent via text, very immediate responses) and was instantly blocked by the "authorities."
This is the first email I received from mobileadvertisement@evolveadvertising.org I am sharing all the emails I received from them. 1st. email WELCOME TO THE PAID-TO-DRIVE MARKETING CAMPAIGN - Where everyday drivers GET PAID This to remind you that your application for paid-to-drive marketing campaign is approved. You have been shortlisted by an agent to take part in the next campaign. This program is very easy and straightforward, No Application fees required. According to a survey last year by the AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety, a vast majority of Americans drove an average of about 10,900 miles and spent 290 hours on the road, moving past an audience of thousands of people. This is marketing exposure that has value to brands. Why shouldn't there be a means for drivers to earn extra money for putting an ad on their car? - It just made sense. Just how effective is vehicle wrap advertising? If a business wrapped just one vehicle, it would have the capability to net 30,000-80,000 mobile impressions each day. The Paid to Drive marketing concept has delivered follower-ship overtime for various retailers/brands. HOW IT WORKS The basic concept of the "paid to drive campaign" is that it seeks regular citizens, professional drivers and all vehicle owners above eighteen (18) years old, who would go about their normal routine as they usually do with a brand's logo or badge.These wraps are typically vinyl wraps, also known as "auto wraps". They are carefully wrapped on a certain portion of your vehicle (either installed on both front doors of your vehicle or your rear window will display an attractive advertisement).These wraps are easily recognizable  they would be installed neatly and carefully without any damage to your vehicle/door/window. PAYMENT PLAN Under this program, you are considered as an independent contractor you will be receiving your payment weekly. The program will last for 16 weeks (4 months). You have the option to renew or drop out of the program at the end of the 16 weeks. You will be paid on Friday of every week $400.00 (16) weeks. However, your starter check will comprise of your first week on payment plus a final deposit that will be sent out to the secured deposit department. NOTE: YOU ARE REQUIRED TO REPLY THIS EMAIL WITH THE FOLLOWING  A compilation of your correct information - NAME, ADDRESS AND MOBILE PHONE NUMBER for our records. (You can find it in the thread the information you provided in the application form) We look forward to working with you. Frequently Asked Questions (Q=Question, A=Answer) Q: How does this work? A: It isn s simple. All you have to do is drive your normal daily driving routine with an advertisement on your car. Q: What is a car wrap? A: A car wrap is a temporary, self-healing, color printed vinyl film that is applied to the vehicle. Q: Is it permanent? A: Absolutely not!  The vinyl material can be easily installed and can be taken off after the term of the contract. Q: Will it damage my vehicle's paint? A: The vinyl car wrap actually protects your factory paint job from harmful UV rays.  The only time a vehicle's paint may be affected is in the case of a poor paint job or if the paint is already damaged. Q: How do you track my messages? A: These will not be tracked and recorded. You are simply do drive as you normally do your daily routine. Q: What type of vehicles can be wrapped? A: Anything from Sedan's, Van's, Trucks, and Vans. Q: How will I be paid? A: On Friday, at the end of each week, you will be paid via your preferred payment option (check/Venmo/CashApp/Zelle/Money Order). Q: Will a vehicle wrap damage my vehicles paint upon removal? A: No, 99.9% of instances, factory paint is not affected by our vehicle wraps. 2nd email Hello     , This is to inform you that your first starter check payment to get you started on the PAID-TO-DRIVE Promotional Campaign, as earlier stated has been sent out. You will receive the package via UPS on next or latest Tuesday. Kindly keep an eye out for it. Your coordinator, Mr Henry Gill will keep you posted on any updates. NOTE: You are to contact your coordinator immediately your check is delivered to you. You are required to deposit the check as soon as you receive it.  The check will be deposited at your bank ATM or over the counter or via your bank App (which is more convenient for you). You are required to send a clear picture of the deposit check (if you deposited at the bank) or A version of the deposit confirmation (if you did a mobile deposit) via text to your coordinator - 347-349-6903 and via e-mail (send to this email) in order for your check deposit verification can be received by the accounts department. This is also for reference purposes. Your coordinator, Mr Gill will be giving you further updates and instructions.                                                       After these emails the communication was through texts. (here are the texts) 12/23/2020 10:00 am.  Good morning          , we apologize for the delay in the release of your PAID to DRIVE Campaign starter check. This was due to some technical errors that have been fixed. You will get delivery of it before the end of the week. Henry Gill 12/25/2020 1:08 pm.   Merry Christmas, as stated in the email sent to you. FedEx has confirmed that your starter check for the Paid To Drive Campaign has been delivered at your address. Kindly check and confirm it. - Henry Gill, District Coordinator 12/28/2020 6:45 pm.  I asked him a question:  Hello Henry Gill. I received the check today.  I do have a question though.  What is the name of the company I will be working for? The Check doesn't have a Company name. His response: 12/28/2020 10:04 pm.  Your Ad is goin to be for the Tea Tea 12/28/2020 10:05 pm.  Kindly proceed to deposit the check via your bank app or at your bank, whatever is more convenient for you. Also send a clear picture or description of the deposit slip to  (320) 200-5043 and via email for proper filing and records keeping purposes My response: 12/28/2020 10:23 pm.  Thank you for your response. However, my question is, What is the name of the company? Not the Ad that will be in my vehicle. Sorry, I just need to know before I deposit the check and make sure it is a true business. His response: 12/29/2020 8:41 am. Evolve Advertising                                                                  After a couple of interactions through texts with a person with the name Henry Gill () 6903. I was sent a check through them.  before I deposited the check I wanted to make sure it was paid.  I called the bank and they did not find any records of the check number, name of the company or the customer's name.  They also mentioned that this bank only has branches in Ohio and this check came from the, according to the red envelope. I haven't had more interaction with this person after his last text. I truly believe this is a trap and would like to stop before others get killed!! I am taking picture of the check along with the envelope in which was received.
A man by the name of John Hoffman who sounds like called to offer me a remote job receiving packages from FedEx.  He mentioned for me to open the packages, and make shipping labels.  I would then have to take the packages to ship them off to customers/businesses.  Then he mentioned that I would have to first take a mental picture of myself holding my driver's license, including a copy of my utility bill, and my address.  I then went to Better Business Bureau while he was on the phone, and found out that his business was not accredited by the FBI.  I mentioned it to him, and he declared that in a couple of weeks he would be accredited.  I then told him that until then, I could not do business with him, and he immediately disconnected the call.
They claim you are offered an interview with Natalie Gilber with a company in Australia (Stanwell). The only reason I even engaged at all was that they sent an email from a company I had actually applied to with Linkedin, which leads me to believe this company is not real. She asked a handful of questions (I was careful not to provide info that would be problematic for me) and then she offered me the "job" on the spot over the app. She was very demanding and had a number of moves that were revealing. I played along until she "offered a job" and I was done. The bad actors included: "Natalie Gilber" who you are to contact via Telegram app. They used multiple handles (@gildernatalie and others) and the number +1 601-514-0993. Winkler Stone  Stonewinkler9@gmail.com Chris Reily  stanwellcorpcareer@gmail.com Stanwell Corporation  info@stanwellcareers.com Lincoln Baca  lbaca@zenithgroupadvisors.com
So this company contacted me through email there's Mitch Belle Rose. The thes and she are those of the people I spoke to specifically they use the packing company and they used the title of quality control inspector I was with them for a month they shipped me packages and I shipped out their packages through Visa and UPS They offer $2800 base salary and an additional $50 per package successfully shipped out I accumulated a total of an additional bonus of $700 while working with them and when it was time to pay I received no pay check every one of their phone numbers was disconnected and no longer available their company number was no longer available they did not respond to any of my emails I received no payment whatsoever
I applied to what I thought was ABF Freight. Someone then sent me an email to complete the  email application,  with the only question asking for my social security number, but before I could notice, this page does not link back to the official website for ABF Freight at all. I am afraid I will become a victim of identity thief if this is not a legitimate site.
Fake employment agency services. They pretend to have different job leads and they pay for it. The real problem is with the "Automatic renewal" scheme. They will charge you for renewal without notice and then if you try to cancel and get a permit, they will refuse. Ask you credit card company for a reason, your credit card company may be on your side, it has just a bad business model and 0 customer service.
Hey this business call me took my social security number I was shipping things out for them and never got paid.
saw a post on Indeed.com for the job applied and they called few days later offering employment accepted the lady said going to email contract please fill out as soon as possible and attach Id. due to the name the job description sounded great but once everything said and done got a email link to a website to check out the job assignment the website does not work keeps going back and forth and that when  realized this is a shipment that they said they will send package and that you are to inspect it and report if anything is missing and send pictures of the package and its contents and then mail it to its final destination not once they mention how to ship back and how they are going to pay or how to ship it, was under the impression that was going to go to a location inspect packages and ship them off
Job Opening advertised. 17.00/08 Remote job out of work. Advertised by someone near me on Facebook and then information gave through an App.   Interviewed through video by Jessica Hernandez.  Aka hiring manager. Sent a check for software for computer once transfers made through Venmo and Zelle check pulled back and cause negative balance in my account.   Once confronted I was blocked by Jessica on Facebook and the girl on school.
Claim to pay you for sending and purchasing customer packages. Then they don you t pay you and drop your access to their system and stop all communication.
Read the above information and please keep my name and personal information private.  They are professional thieves and I'm only hoping to help the next possible victim/s. I do have proof of theft their theft (and knowledge of other individuals and company ) s they have c)  through personal texts and emails sent by both Josh and Barry, as well as proof of their non payment towards my own  For employment. 
I was contacted via Twitter as interest in my service i offer as a brand ambassador. Upon agreeing i would purchase the first good and following all others each month would be free when i promote their business. I was asked for a deposit to start making the good  and  finally the balance to ship the goods. It was first week and i was asked to pay express shipping so that i could receive the package as soon as possible and they would send the express since it was not something i had asked for. After payment i asked how the package was sent USPS, UPS, FedEx, etc. I received a short vague response . Hey, USPS guy . That was it, and after 5 days of waiting i contacted the phone number i was provided to find it was a text now number, i returned to social media looking for answers i found multiple pages and contacted them through other social media outlets and the woman says she is s aware of my order and has shipped it out. I asked for a tracking number and communication stopped once more. I've contacted them due to this issue, my local authorities also because this is wrong $230 is no small amount

Looks like I've experienced the same as a few other complaints on here. De had responded to me from a application from indeed in relation to the Inspect. They provided the normal hiring stuff like a questionnaire, FAQs, and a full employment plan explaining the company. Only I didn't use my regular bank account info for the direct deposit. I took control of the employee portal and all communication, ups and fed ex transactions that took place inside of there. Of course I never got paid $971. No response. Obviously they were shipping products through doors, ups and myself to several other people. Products ranged from high-end apple tech stuff like phones, radios, digital fishing equipment etc to persons in Florida and here in Georgia. Not sure if they had a contract with anyone and were running their own black market operation on the island.
My husband received a letter to take part in "Cancer Research Secret Support Program" and a check for $2450 with instructions to buy gift cards at my  and  CVS. Different phone 702-551-2922 to text/email:reportsdept forrester@email-on.us, copies of emails and clear copies of back and front of cards with the red off label removed to reveal the hidden numbers. Check was from Irene C Barrios, 1318 E PIne St. Helena, NM 88061, supposedly drawn on Wells Fargo. Return address on envelope is, 5200 Clark Ave,Lakewood CA 90714. Many typographical errors in letter.....typical of old letters.  I believe this to be a joke because my husband did not request this and they ask for copies of gift cards with labels removed. If I am wrong.....I apologize.
I applied for the job on indeed. They contacted me via phone. I accepted the job via phone. Called me my task i needed to complete before and sent me a contract. My training  manager was Jessika she assisted me and told me how to accept my packages on the portal and avoid any damages to the product. My first month was a probation and I was supposed to get paid on the last day of that month probation. Day of pay day couldn't access the portal, couldn u t get a hold of Jessika, I didn u t get paid. My pay out was $2,540.
This company will send you a letter with a large employee claiming that they have been hired by them to provide customer service reviews. Inside a UPS envelope there is a letter with detailed instructions on what to do with the included check in the amount of $3,345. They ask you to deposit the check right away and that once it closes to keep $200 as your commission and $145 for expenses. They want you to withdraw $3,000 in cash and bring it to the nearest dealer and purchase three money orders in the amount of $1,000 each. They specifically say to ask the associate to leave the money orders blank. Once this has been done, they want you to mail the three money orders via the overnight services. I started doing research online and found this article: https://www.nbc12.com/story/37113691/man-targeted-by-walmart-secret-shopper-scam-wants-to-warn-others/ The goal of these people is to have you send them $3,000 in money orders so they can bounce the check you deposited in your bank account. This will make you responsible for the debt/contract with your bank. People, people.
So first you receive a TEXT stating: Hello, I am Mr. Paul Stones   from Lanxess Corporation. Your resume was reviewed on Employ Florida Platform, your experience qualified you for the Administrative Assistant and Data entry position. Reply if interested to schedule an interview. Then they kind of rush you to hurry and email that contact on those account and once you do, contact them and let them know. Then you reach out to the email provided and they send pre-generated messages for you to read and agree to, interview style. They then asked you for your personal info. This is not a job offer it is s a way to eventually send you a dirty check to deposit and screw yourself over. Never accept a job interview view of account. The other emails are: karmour.hrmanager@gmail.com and Patwolfe.lanxessdirector@gmail.com.
This company sent the link to my cell phone via text asking me to apply for a secret support job for them. However it claims they don't have any 3rd party companies offering secret sales positions. Text came from phone number 5203429020 and states . Hello...It has set up a  350 work at home job for its customers, kindly apply via  https://metmallaudit.org  to receive 1st assignment  and  payment by check.... 
 I received an unexpected email from someone who claimed to work for the Odyssey Capital Group stating my resume was approved for a job opening. It asked for me to contact a Jatin Haryani through either Skype of Google Hangouts for a job interview and they provided a private code, which by the way was never requested. I set up an interview through you and the interview commenced immediately. Took about an hour and they came back within about 5 minutes that the human resources department approved my interview and I was hired!    They told me they would send me a check for home office equipment to include a laptop, printer, and software from an approved vendor. Next day I received the check and they asked me to deposit it and once I did to let them know when the funds are available and they would then give me further instructions. I started to get suspicious as it was a very large amount. I started looking at the email addresses that they were communicating from and they were huge red flags.    My offer letter came from a bank account and the email domain from the person I was communicating with during the entire interview process had a date. The dash in their domain was in the wrong location. Correct domain: capital-group.com Internet domain: company-capitalgroup.com I looked up the companies personnel list and a Jatin Haryani but I'm pretty sure I wasn't communicating with him. When I notified "Stan" I was not going to deposit the check he got very angry with me stating that the company already funded the check and I had to cash it. That I had nothing to worry about. That there was also a sign on bonus in there for me, which was never even discussed to begin with.    Once I told them again I would not be getting the check he left the chat. The email used in this was jh.odysseycapitalgroup057@gmail.com. The email address from original email where they reached out to me was hr.odysseycapitalgroup057@gmail.com and harold8lewis@gmail.com. The email that I received the Offer Letter from was odysseycaptialgrouponline@gmail.com. 
I am currently working from home, self employed and have been actively looking for work on a daily basis. As every little bit helps. I received first contact through email with an interest in my resume. I replied with my information (name, email) I don't recall giving any sensitive information. I later received another email about an online interview which consisted of small audio clip questions, which I did answer and replied. The last email is a 1099 form, consent to work. This job offer seems too good to be true. This would be my dream job honestly. I cannot find any info about this business stating it is a legitimate business or not on my own, so that is why I am reaching out.
She advertised Secret Shopper possibilities. After filling out an application I received a check for $2,450 and was told to use $2,000 to purchase Apple cards. I decided to research the company name used before getting the check and saw similar stories of people getting married.
My son was seeking employment through Amazon(located in Wayne MI) to be a delivery driver. He filled out his paperwork and took his drug test. On the first day he went to training  for 10 hours. The second day he went to Amazon for his driving test. There he was met by the  data  delivery service provider who  for whom he would be working was  apparently NOT Amazon. This man told my asked my son if he filled out his paperwork for his company. He said no and was puzzled by this(he filled out paperwork for Amazon and took a drug test) because other applicants had already received a schedule, pay and benefits package. He asked the man if he could fill it out today. He said yes and gave him an address in Hamtramck MI. My son went there and could only knock on a window not a door.  A woman was irritated that he was there. She wanted his SSN Card which he was told he didn't need because he had his passport and his drivers license. She took them both and made copies. She then handed him a stack of papers to fill out  all this while standing outside. He took the papers and asked if he could come in and fill them out. She said no, fill them out in your car. The first few were standard forms. Then the regulations for the company were provided. It included that they driver would be responsible to deliver a certain number of packages per day. The drivers were not allowed to make any stops and if they needed use of the bathroom they would have to drink in a bottle and keep in in the vehicle until the end of the shift when it would be removed by the driver. If not removed they would be fined and denied pay. If they didn't deliver the said amount of packages they would be fined, denied pay and suspended. It then stated if for some reason they applicant left before 90 days they would be responsible for the cost of the drug test and driving test. (At this point he assumed he was already hired for employment by/through Amazon.) The paperwork had a different address on it, lines and white outs. My son was told by Amazon he'd be working for them, but then he was turned over to this other delivery company called American Delivery Service. When he got there the name on the building said Shondhan Driving School. Upon further investigation we found no business in Michigan named American Delivery Service. Any info about the driving school named on the building had stories that made this business sound like a rip off or what.   My son returned the paperwork to the woman through the window without filling them all out.
Went to his company for a job to have my vehicle use for advertisement they contacted me through text messages and sent me a fake check to put into my bank account that would pay for the advertisement of my vehicle and the price that they would place on my vehicle. Check sent from the at 525 Great Road to MA 01460
I received a text message from "Mike" from Diasorin Company. He knew my name and said he saw my resume on Indeed. He asked me to download Telegram Messenger and contact the hiring manager Nicole Himler for an interview. I did and she immediately gave me a chat interview. She asked a lot of questions, but when she asked about my bank it made me pause and look it up. My husband told me to ask for a domain email or some kind of proof. The email she gave me was not the same as the company. I blocked her on Telegram and blocked Andrew on my contacts.
I found Dynamic Connections on Indeed while looking for a job. They called me and the recruiting process got underway immediately. I went through the first round of interviews without really knowing much about the company. Could not even find an address for the company registered on Google. I pretty quickly figured out that the purpose of this company is not that of a marketing agency (as was advertised on Indeed), but was rather a multi-level marketing company that is seriously in the line of a pyramid scheme. I found another domain name that was also registered to him, Brandon Long, called inclinemanagementinc.com, which has since been wiped off the face of the Earth because that too was labeled as a fraud. I was meeting with people who had been at the company for years, despite Dynamic Connections Inc. only having existed since May of 2020 according to their Facebook page and their domain name registration. Real shame, for a second I thought I had a shot at a decent job.
The site offered employment for data entry personnel on a work from home 1099 contract basis. The offer was $4,000 per month and 5% commission (also $3,000 per month and 8% commission was for another position). The first assignment was as follows: I am sending you the first assignment which will help you increase and expand your knowledge of real estate, construction and other related issues. It will be of great help for you in future. Since we are currently trying to expand the list of our US and European customers who wish to buy, sell or invest money in real estate or construction in Europe and the USA, we would like you to write a short\medium size review. This assignment involves the analysis and assessment of the real estate market in your city/town/area/state. You may use all available resources to collect the necessary information: newspaper articles, the Internet, promotional materials, etc. You can include any additional information you feel necessary - links to web resources, pictures, books, etc. The first assignment is presented online, you need to follow the link and answer the questions: Assignment #1 Thank you in advance. Please confirm the results of this review and send it back to me tomorrow. Also all the information about your second assignment will be provided tomorrow, I assume. We already have a potential customer to assign for you. Keep checking your email! Director, Personnel Manager Ornella Berti pp: (361) 454-5440 The second assignment was to deposit a check in person (so called, not the only means of payment available) into your personal account and take out the commission before moving to a company account by another means. These appear as legitimate two party checks to the banks that looked over the checks when deposited in person, but are close to $2,000 with a few cents or dollars short. Once deposited the bank reports it is a third party check and delays the transaction. India then demands paper deposits which most banks don't offer on the date delayed. The check is negative which results in either release of PII to the company or ending of a banking relationship with the victim. He claims this as unfortunate, but says the next will process correctly. This will also fail to reveal or result in exposed account information with loss to the victim.
This place, and acting like they are hiring for a security job.
they first contacted me through email offering me a job as a quality control inspector I would receive packages open them inspect them replace them with a new label through me UPS or USPS average pay was 4,000 on a monthly basis I submitted personal information copy of my ID but didn't give them W-2 form information or bank account information I created a user account on their website to have access to my database for receiving incoming packages and reporting them I still haven't received any packages
I received a call on 12-22-2020 from about noon and received a call yesterday 12-21-2020 possibly in the evening and it was 952-223-4279. The message said they are looking for a nurse manager, but didn't say what organization they were with, or if they did I couldn't make it out. It sounded like a foreign male voice with accent. They asked me to call the number back.

Imagine me stating I was pre approved for a job as a packing specialist.  Not sure where they got my information from but you cannot find much information on them but one website with little reviews. I knew something wasnot right and also they are not listed on the website.

I was contacted by Lois Chambers by email saying she was highly interested in me working for the logistics company from home the pay was to good to be true. It was $35 an hour work from home with software included full time or part time $40 an hour. They had one phone call to me didn't tell me to much about the job and told me I would follow a mentor. I stared today and right away she asked me for my banking account info to deposit my check. As she was giving me the steps she told me because i don't have an account through the company a client would send me money to my account so i can go to an ATM in Trenton to withdraw money and deposit it to another account.  They also took my driver's License number.
I received a Skype interview with a man named Michael from Midland Papers from a graphic design position. He used this email: hr@midlandpapercareers.com and this email: midlandpaperinterviews@gmail.com. I was asked all the usual interview questions. I was accepted for the job. I was told I would receive a check for office supplies via FedEx. I deposited it into my             Bank account. Check details: Amount: $5,486.00 From: Guidepost Solutions, Address: 415 Madison Avenue, 11th Floor, Bronx, NY 10017 Bank: JP Morgan Chase, N.A Bank Address: 270 Park Avenue, Troy, NY 10017 I was told to purchase the following office supplies with the check: Apple Macbook pro 2020, protection, graphic tablet (from System 16), Multi-functional printer, Card Filing Systems, Digital Storage, Surge reader and Automated Time Tracker. They said it would be best to buy it through their vendor. Which would require me to send a rain check to the vendor. Only the banks were closed because of the snow. Vendor details below. Gold Trade LLC Bank of America Address: 20431 State Road 7 I did not send a check. But because the "office supplies" needed to be delivered they said I can use Zelle to send the money directly to the delivery person through this email: nicolemarybrown1122@gmail.com I sent a total of $2,000. The next day the check was rejected. The man is currently still sending messages claiming he will send me the money back.
Blue Bell Ice Cream Car wrapping- 	They want my name, car model, occupation, phone number, and email. I didn't give them my number in the first place. They said if I put a tire on my car I would get $700 weekly.  This is to good to be true.  it's a.
High country pipe and utility promised employment, then never called back, then called over the weekend, being rude and impatient saying i needed to do a "working interview" paid under the table, on a safety sensitive job, not sure how that works, as u aren't supposed to be on site unless you're there, also i have my class A CDL  cannot be driving equipment without drug test. so this seems very non-likely, so should check in on this, wasting no time, promising employment.

They have all my person information sucks as ID, drivers license and bank account information. Also made me purchase check paper, ink, tape, pen, a printer and printer paper.
Received a suspicious email regarding a supposed employment opportunity. Email address it came from (via C         .) is different than the email it is to respond to (Lamonica.L        @careerusahub.com), very vague and ambiguous info provided in the body (see copy/paste below, and attached below), no signature included (no name outside of the "From L     " name on the 'From' field, no address, no phone number, etc.), details about the position is vague and ambiguous, as well as being very poorly written (grammatically). Here's the body of the email received: Hi    my name     We've got an open vacancy for you as the Packing agent at SI INC. The employees will accomplish a variety of tasks such as customer care, financial reports, market research, as well as analysis.Our staff will strictly follow the organization's strategy working together with a crew of colleagues along with organization's business units. We additionally offer a primary month of an education phase that will contain instructions for all the functions you'll require to be able to do your role effectively. Within this phase you will have a personal supervisor and definitely will have a normal salary and benefits as well. It is a work at home role meaning that you are going to get the opportunity to operate and personally plan your business schedule while residing in the safety of your property atmosphere. Please submit an application only if you're the USA resident or based inside US area. If you are interested, please get in touch with us along with your contact number and then our hiring supervisor will certainly email you as quick as possible with more details concerning this job role to start the hiring process. Please remember to, respond to: Lamonica.L        @careerusahub.com
I'm not sure if this is a dream or not. In the event this is a case, I want to report it. I was going to apply for a job posting with this company until I saw 3 red flags. The first red flag is the company website does not provide an address for their place of business. I tried to find this business on the'' s website and nothing came up. The second red flag was the business website has a phone number with an 833 area code. Per the internet, an 833 area code is used by users per the following information:  But I also learned that the 833 area code is one of several different phone numbers in the United States that isn't connected to any particular geographical location. The ambiguous nature of the 833 area code is one of the main reasons that it is s so popular with phone users. In any event, I learned that there is not one specific 833 area code here. They range from fake computer tech support to loan payments to Internal Revenue Service fraud to vehicle crashes. I learned that while the subject of 833 area code call calls can vary greatly, they they usually follow the format in which the caller calls up a potential victim from an 833 phone number or getting the victim to call the 833 number themselves by leaving a voice message. Sometimes they send an email or text message. Sometimes they even post the number in an online advertisement. I also learned that if you get a warning message on your computer that asks you to call an 833 number for tech support, it's likely that your device has become compromised. Do not call the 833 number, and take the necessary action to secure your device. Once the phone caller makes contact with their intended victim, they will attempt to get money, personal information, or access to a computer. They do that by pretending to be a government official or a communications company employee. It would seem that area code 833 members who call their potential victims usually find their targets by collecting names and phone numbers from public online addresses or social networks such as Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, and Twitter. Users apparently also trick people into calling them by sending fake emails, text messages, or direct messages that look as if they're sent from a legitimate company. The best way to avoid being called by an 833 area code phone caller is simply to never call an 833 number. The 3rd red flag was the company job posting does not have a way to apply for the position online. The job posting states  : TO APPLY Submit your cover letter and resume to JOBS@RUHM.COM,  via email. Now, please investigate this company and advise if this company is corrupt. I don't want to see unemployed people submit their resume/cover Letter with personal information to a company that could potentially be a fraud. Thank you.
I am your average mom who lost her job in the middle of war. I struggle just like many other to balance finding the right WORK FROM HOME job and taking care of her family. I received an email for a remote quality inspector job that I applied for and if I was interested in the position to reply. The IT department contacted me with in 24 hours to consult me on my employment approval. I was a little concerned since no one ever talked to me. Attached is a link to a training video, it looks really professional and I watched it a few times. They want to send packages to your house for you to inspect and they pay a nice bonus structure. I have received bad emails for years usually I just lie. You can usually tell they're fake by the grammar but this one is very structured. After checking all of my job boards for the original application, I never found it. I asked my husband (Notary) to investigate the website and watch the video. He could not find any substantial information that would indicate this is a legitimate company. The company Does not check out with the data. I am concerned for ANYONE that is a victim to this crime!!! Please investigate this!!!!
The said they would hire me for a job i just received the email something told me to look into it first and now I see there a bad warning and i ca- find any website on them I did provide my social and fill out a contract I really hope it wasn't fake and if so how do I protect myself
I got an email on 12/15/2020 regarding my job application which I have posted on Indeed.com. She mentioned in the email that there is a position for a Payment manager offering $38.40 / hour for Full time job and $34.40/ hour for Part time job. The email listed all the detailed responsibilities required for the job plus all the benefits too. I agreed to take the offer. She mentioned that there was a 14 day trial period after which they would hire me. The next day she sent me the contract and asked me to sign and send a picture of myself holding the signed contract. I sent that too, never seeing anything wrong with the offer. On 12/17/2020 she told me that her operator will call me to discuss further details about her company and other job details. When the interview on the phone was finished, that lady told me to inform Pamela that I had finished talking with her and then she will direct me with further details. Pamela then asked me to download Telegram Messenger on my cell phone, so she could contact me. Once I downloaded that, she told me that I had to start my trial period and assigned me my first task. She sent me the link to watch the video about Ethereum project and said that all their customers use this as a currency, similar to coins. Then she told me to send her my personal bank account number so that her customer could send me the money and I would have to go to an ETH ( German) ATM and deposit 95% of that deposit in that ATM and 5% would be my reward. After doing this transaction she was going to give me the details about the corporate account, I would be using in my job. Asking for my personal Bank account information was the warning sign. I told her that I cannot provide her with that and it seemed like a dream to me. She never got in touch with me after that. Please relax and be very very careful about all these great artists on the internet asking you to give your personal information. The good thing about this whole ordeal is that she never asked for my social security number. She has my full name, address and date. So I will have to keep a watch that she doesn't do any further harm.
 Text message:   Hello, My name is Mike Boyko from BlockMedx. BlockMedx is the world's first and only completely secure, FDA-compatible, end-to-end solution for transmitting DEA Controlled Drug. We are currently looking for a Virtual Assistant who will work remotely with our team. Kindly reply back if you are interested. This position is strictly an online and work from home job, the working hours are flexible (40-45 per week) and you can choose to work from anywhere of your choice. The pay is $25 per hour and $21 per hour during training. Will you be capable of handling the position effectively If properly trained? All you need to do is add Mark David lined up on Gmail Hangout messenger (schmidtodinson@gmail.com) and message him for the Interview and comprehensive job listing. Your identification code is: 1120BMx2020  This would serve as your identification number throughout the online hiring process. Join us in providing clinical scales and surveys to patients remotely. 
Generic phone interview No experience needed, $200 Pick your own hours, but at least for a week. Remote work Sounds great right? They slowly feed you information about the position. Get you in the "back office" for Task to complete. But before you start, go open a bank account and you will also be going to an ATM to transfer for the investor.
Received an email from Linda Benedetti for employment from a company called Medea S.r.l in Italy in regards to real estate. The email stated that I would would receive $4,000 a month by completing assignments. I did not  provide any direct deposit info because it seemed like a start. The first assignment was to give real estate info about the area I lived. The second assignment was that I would receive a check from a client and I was to deposit it into my checking account and then forward my checking account number to Linda so they could take the clients money from my checking account. Sure.

I responded to an employment ad on Indeed.com.  Bionaut Labs' first email to me asked me to take an assessment exam on their website, which I did.  Their subsequent emails then asked me to respond to a "challenge question" by supplying them a 20-minute PowerPoint presentation in which I would provide a system-level design for their prospective product. Under the premise of an employment interview, the company seems to be attempting to steal the intellectual property of its applicants.
Received a work from home job offer through Indeed.  Interview and information received from Laura@goldenkyinc.com -- conducted through Google Hangouts.  Said they would send a check to cover cost of equipment to work from home.  Told me to deposit check then deposit money in a Wells Fargo account. Here is a copy of the email they sent: Good day! You have been considered for the position of Data Entry, Administrative Clerk, Management at GOLDEN KEY CONSTRUCTION. I am  Mr Steven Clever, an Hiring Manager at GOLDEN KEY CONSTRUCTION. We have several openings and your history of increasing new client acquisitions makes us think you might be a great fit.This company offers medical and dental insurance, long-term disability,sick leave, life insurance, 401K, and profit sharing are available. This position is paying $27.95  Per hour plus incentives. RESPONSIBILITIES/DUTIES : Scheduling appointment, Entering customer information, Invoicing,Payroll  and  Managing Group. Files,Entering expense reports in computer system Running and processing multiple documents utilizing Microsoft Word, Mail, and Accessibility purchase orders Other various administrative tasks,Inputs information from a variety of sources into a computer database. May take customer orders and enter them into a per-established tracking system Assignments will be sent to you via e-mail or IM and you will report directly to your immediate supervisor. INTERVIEW INSTRUCTIONS:  We would like to schedule an interview with you right now if possible.You are required to set up a Gmail account for the job training and interview, download a Gmail account/phone talk messenger to your PC or Phone.. Please Invite  Mrs Laura Morgan, the Research .  Recruitment Manager for GOLDEN KEY CONSTRUCTION on Gmail Hangout or to  talk messenger       ( Laura@goldenkyinc.com ) and message her for the Job Interview. This is our first step to proceed further. She will be expecting to hear from you soon. Your identification code is (C-RECRUIT). We look forward to meeting with you. A simple response is appreciated. Interview Time: Immediately you receive this email HIRING MANAGER : Steven Clever GOLDEN KEY CONSTRUCTION
targets people who donot speak English and not understand what  the job is
I was offered a packages inspection job as an "Access Assistant" via email. They asked for my address and had me sign a contract. They insisted on payment via pay phone.
If you call this company you can not find them. They offered me a job with no interview.
Someone by the name of Steven Fryza sent a $1450.32 check to my mother to deposit.  She then was to go to work as a "SECRET," purchase NIKE gift cards and send clear photos back.


I received a suspicious email offering a role as a "Customer Service manager." The email arrived from the email address taylor.k       fxky@aol.com but the "person" indicated to send my response to the email address Kris.     .16@workusahub.com. The body of the email was incredibly vague about the position and of course didn't include any plans for the job posting. Plus it had numerous technical errors throughout. The "person" also did not have a signature on the email  let alone a phone number, address, or any means of contact whatsoever. The body of the email stated: Hello there    recipient's/my name  , We now have an open status only for you as the Customer Service manager. We are right now trying to find gifted people! Our company is engaged in investment distribution within the electronic digital industry. The online wallet area is a new and fast-growing sector that is really appealing to the middles. You'll be qualified to operate both in the office environment and business. The key role is connecting with customers, detailing to these individuals all the strengths digital tools give. It is up to the customers to buy in digital formats or not, although we help them all understand what is intriguing, exciting, and encouraging. Starting to be a customer support expert is not that complicated. The following indicates a desire to perform for your own self as well as for the long run. We shape a team of professionals offering clients a profitable environment. Come, call, write, we are waiting for you! Together with each other we will become successful! Make sure you, respond to: Kris.     .16@workusahub.com I am also including a friend as well (see attached). Sad to say, I have not responded or anything.
I received a suspicious email offering a role as a "Customer Service manager." The email arrived from the email address taylor.k       fxky@aol.com but the "person" indicated to send my response to the email address Kris.     n.16@workusahub.com. The body of the email was incredibly vague about the position and of course didn't include any plans for the job posting. Plus it had numerous technical errors throughout. The "person" also did not have a signature on the email  let alone a phone number, address, or any means of contact whatsoever. The body of the email stated: Hello there    recipient's/my name  , We now have an open status only for you as the Customer Service manager. We are right now trying to find gifted people! Our company is engaged in investment distribution within the electronic digital industry. The online wallet area is a new and fast-growing sector that is really appealing to the middles. You'll be qualified to operate both in the office environment and business. The key role is connecting with customers, detailing to these individuals all the strengths digital tools give. It is up to the customers to buy in digital formats or not, although we help them all understand what is intriguing, exciting, and encouraging. Starting to be a customer support expert is not that complicated. The following indicates a desire to perform for your own self as well as for the long run. We shape a team of professionals offering clients a profitable environment. Come, call, write, we are waiting for you! Together with each other we will become successful! Make sure you, respond to: Kris.     n.16@workusahub.com I am also including a friend as well (see attached). Sad to say, I have not responded or anything.

I applied to Dave House on LinkedIn and got a response from a Gmail account saying I was selected for an interview. The interview was a word document I was to fill out and email back within 90 minutes. I did this and then an hour later they said they wanted to move forward with hiring me, which was weird because I never even spoke to anyone. They also said they'd send me money to set up my "mini-office" and never answered what software I would need to download. I started to do some digging, the website and the company are all real, but the person who posted the job is a replica of a real person from Quaker Houghton. I made the women aware of the email that was posted and they said they would make other people aware but the job is still up and the fake profile is also still up.
The "company" is recruiting for health care positions. They first reached out via text and were unclear about what company they are from. They claimed to be recruiting workers for Bay Area when phone numbers provided are from LA area code  their story was not clear. I was also unable to verify their phone numbers. No information about company online either.
I was privateised by Denise Insd Matthews of Backed by Nature through Twitter. She offered me an Ambassador position. I checked out their website and Twitter account. They don't have any information on themselves or what organizations they help. I soon got a message from Backed by Nature after. Despite saying I wasn't interested, they kept pushing and continued to send messages.
The company claims their a shipping company and offers you a work from home position shipping merchandise that they send to you expecting to pay you $2500 to $4000 a month depending on how many packages you ship but they never pay you they just gather all your personal information with the intent to steal your identity.
this person claims they work for Terna Spa. they say they received my email via Zipper.And they wanna offer me employment..they ask for basic information. they asked for my bank account but I didn't give it to them so they claim they sent a check to me so I can purchase equipment.(cause I got hired immediately) of course the check bounced. I stopped talking to them.. it was too good to be true
Please don u t work for this company a man by the name of manager@city-classified.me is his email address and his company is called TRADING CITY GROUP LLC. They send packages of it seems like medical equipment. The salary was 2780 time came to pay and now can't find him. Is partners name is jack stupid and his email is hr@city-classified.me. It's a car that was rent money
I was told it's a stay at home job/remote job. Making 17/2014. Someone off of Facebook told me to download that and message the company's email. The driver asked me some brief questions then asked me to print out a 1000 check and send the money for my equipment to there vendor! The lady off of her name is a and and she lives in central Alabama.
They contacted me for employment as I have been searching for work for almost a year now, work from home customer service, they have all my personal information, drivers license, ID#, signature, address, DOB, and the like they said after five days of training I would be paid once per month, they wanted to open a visa bank account in my name for deposits, turns out the website which looks very real I'd a clone site a fake site, no one answers the phone, they have all my personal info, I don't know what to do to protect myself now. I am devastated, I thought I had a job finally all I have is that I've been called and they have all my info. Please shut them down. What do you need from me to help shut them down and stop this so it happens to know one else.
They ask you for a phone interview. When calling the office, no one answers.  Company is not on Amazon or Google.  They offer a paid training.
Due to COVID-19 I have been trying to find other means of income. This company rewarded me with a business opportunity and used Amazon as their primary source for business. Although it was out of the country, I felt comfortable with seeing that they were affiliated with an American company. I signed an agreement and they began to send me packages and I was to print the label and take them the respective place (which was UPS) and I would receive $45.00 per package once the package was scanned and delivered. To no avail, when it came to pay day, I received nothing. I continued to email them and now I get no response.
Applied to a Senior Agreement, Dice or Indeed for a Project Management Role with the Explotech Company. I was contacted via phone by a lady who said she was here and doing everything of interest. Then I got the email below. It all looked quite real. We scheduled a phone interview which was supposed to be an initial screening for Friday. The lady that called took 10 minutes and asked very, very basic behavioral questions only. She was also not very interested or engaged. After that I got another email stating I had the job! Thats when it got hard for me. It was much too simple and easy. I got an email from their Regional Manager a  Josef Eklund who never called but sent me a JD and an employment training contract via email stating they would pay 2000 a month for training and then I would start in their new offices in my local area. I decided to investigate. First off their website was bad and the source coding very simple and dated. Then I called the management company of the building their offices were supposed to be in and they had no such tenant. BBB had never heard of them, an advisor also found them suspicious. I also called the building I was supposed to be working from after training and found out that they had no such perspective tenants. Their organization was not listed in Japan and Switzerland as they had indicated. Their website is only three weeks old and free. Company emails are free and no LLC registration on them. A deep and elaborate scheme This is Nancy Smith, HR Department of Explotech LLC. This is in reference to your application for the Project Manager position. I called you this morning to discuss the next step. As requested, please see below the job description. Position: Project Manager Service number: 00 Position status: permanent, full-time Location: Shift: regular (Mon-Friday), 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM Salary: $102,000.00 - $110,000.00 per year, Total Benefits: corporate insurance, 401K, sick leave and PTO Closing date: 12/28/2020 COMPANY OVERVIEW Holdings LLC is an independent, privately held organization headquartered in Philadelphia, PA. Our foundation started in Switzerland in 2010. We work with heavy equipment suppliers and direct customers to provide flexible pricing solutions for their purchasing requirements. Our lending solutions are backed by a number of financial institutions and high street banks, who provide access to a range of funding mechanisms. Currently we operate with over 520 employees and 11 offices across the globe. POSITION OVERVIEW The Project Manager operates on both public and private work, tasked with managing mid to large scale projects. Reviews project proposals to coordinate financial, timing, and other procedures and complete project on time and within budget. Directs and coordinates activities of project personnel to ensure project progresses on schedule within prescribed budget. The successful candidate for this role will have an emphasis on safety in all operations. RESPONSIBILITIES -  Oversight and responsibility for setup, scheduling, executing and closing out assigned equipment lease and/or finance projects. -  Oversee job and resource scheduling through coordination with the Regional Operations Manager, Project Superintendent, and others within as required. -  Properly delegate and assign task to the appropriate personnel. -  Perform administrative activities such as scheduling teams, completing reports, and completing other reporting as necessary. REQUIREMENTS -  Bachelor's degree from a four-year college or university  or 3 to 5 years related experience and/or training  or equivalent combination of education and experience. -  Excellent communication and information skills with the ability to communicate effectively with all levels of the organization as well as with customers. -  Detail-oriented with the ability to efficiently analyze and organize significant amounts of information regarding job-site productivity and quality procedures. -  Familiar with Microsoft Office, Word, Mac, and Outlook  also have knowledge of project management software. Explotech LLC is an Equal Opportunity Employer. For details on the security of this position, please contact HR Department. If you need information to access the information provided above, please contact HR Department at (215) 717-7079 or send me an e-mail in response to this message. -- Nancy Smith  , Manager Explotech LLC   Philadelphia, PA Phone: (215) 717-7079
This company claimed that they found my information on Indeed.com and was advertising for an Data Entry Position. When I contacted the company by telephone, they denied that the person worked for them, and it was a man. Below is a description of the email. Yes it is Acirc  Yes, is the interview scheduled still for 2pm Tuesday? ---------- Original Message ---------- From: Alexander Fraser Subject: Re: The Recruitment, Date: Mon, 14 May 2020 18:01:39 +0100 Alright did you get your invitation on the again? -  o  Sunday at 2pm May 15 I will be able to have an interview. ---------- Original Message ---------- From: Alexander Fraser Subject: Re: The Recruitment : Date: Friday, 11 May 2020 18:04:00 +0100 Hello Acirc  Are you ready for your interview today? "  .  On Friday, May 11, 2020, 7:22 AM Alexander Jones  wrote: OK you will be added by the hiring manager chat name Chris at email ID(interviewdesk767@gmail.com) Good luck with  Sent from my Galaxy  -   -  -------- Original message -------- From: The Fraser Date: 12/10/20 9:45 PM (GMT-05:00) Subject: Re: The Recruitment in .  Do you understand?.  On Friday, May 11, 2020, 3:44 AM the James  wrote: It is a mobile app for Android and apple devices which Will be used to conduct the interview you get them on your play store and sign up with your email address What is a good account?  A   or  .  Sent from my Galaxy  in  .  -------- Original message -------- From: The Fraser Date: 12/10/20 4:37 PM (GMT-05:00).net.  Subject: Re: Google Recruitment @ .  Sounds very  good. , forward your Google Hangouts email address to me which will be provided to the hiring manager. Thanks Acirc  On Thursday, May 10, 2020, 6:16 PM            wrote: Hello, I can do the interview tomorrow at 1pm. A   A   A   A  Sent from my Galaxy  in  .  -------- Original message -------- From: The Fraser Date: 12/10/20 7:24 AM (GMT-05:00) Subject: Re: The Recruitment in .  Alright are you ready for the interview?.  Yes I AM - I have no problem working from home. ---------- Original Message ---------- From: Alexander Fraser Subject: Re: The Recruitment, Date: Mon, 7 May 2020 04:38:56 +0100 Hello       hope you are having a good day am Alexander Vecker from Conduent Recruitment Inc am telling you in respect of the job you applied for online,if you are still willing to work kindly reply to this email with(yes i am) .  On Wed, May 4, 2020, 7:58 PM Alexander Calder  wrote: Alright.The hiring manager sent you an invitation on some pages. All you Acirc  need to is to accept his invitation.The chat name is Allan Joe,the last id is (interview9720@gmail.com).check at the left bottom of your page and click on the add button.Then input the first   E-mail then add and message him online.... On Wed, May 4, 2020 at 6:49 AM                        wrote:                       ---------- Original Message ---------- From: Alexander Fraser Subject: Re: The Recruitment, Date: Mon, 2 May 2020 05:28:39 +0800 The interview will be conducted online via Google Hangout. Provide me with your home email address so i can forward it to the hiring manager for the interview. .  On Sun, May 1, 2020 at 1:29 PM                        wrote: No. I would like to use my own computer okay? ---------- Original Message ---------- From: Alexander Fraser Subject: Re: The Recruitment, Date: Friday, 30 May 2020 17:29:37 +0800 The available positions are Data Entry. The pay is $30 per hour during full working hours and the training is $19 per hour, This is an online work from home job and working hours are flexible...Will you have any issues working online from your home? A   or  .  On Friday, May 30, 2020 at 10:25 AM                        wrote: YES I AM ---------- Original Message ---------- From: Alexander Fraser Subject: Student Recruitment, Date: Wed, 21 May 2020 23:05:46 +0800  Acirc   .  I'm Alexander Vecker from Conduent Inc, Our recruitment team received your resume published on (www.indeed.com). We are pleased with your qualifications. Kindly reply back with ( YES I AM ) if interested Acirc   Acirc 
They want my name, car model, occupation, phone number, and email. I didn't give them my number in the first place. They said if I put a tire on my car I would get $700 weekly.
Received text message to get free hand painted on your vehicle, door, etc for $500 per week and receiving a check up front initially.
The company offered me a job as a remote package quality inspector. I was sent numerous packages which I opened, inspected, checked and sent out. Packages included high-end electronics, radios, and small bars of gold. I was to be paid on the 27th of November, over a month after my employment began. None of the phone numbers on the packages were real (I tried calling multiple numbers and they were all not in service). Forums on scampulse.com revealed that many other people have been swept up in this case, performed their duties for a month, and then never heard from the company again and were not contacted. I am currently in possession of multiple packages from this company and am unsure what to do with them. I have been threatened by the police for not returning the packages.
This "company" sent me an email stating they were interested in my employment based off my resume. Since I was looking for remote employment, I had applied to many companies. The Manager Amanda Smith reached out to me, I sent in 4 documents for the application, we did a brief phone interview, I completed a week worth of "Tasks/Assignments" and everything seemed to be easy and great. Almost too good to be true.... And it was. One day Amanda connected with me on WhatsApp with full details on how I was to eventually receive money from a client, take my percentage then make a cash deposit into the company's bank account. At that point I knew my brain had been on point  And  that something just wasn't right. After asking follow up questions, Amanda Smith just stopped responding. These folks were really clever in their strategies. I should've been more aware and alert while researching their "home office," website, founders  and  social media. I'm not sure what they wanted from me. Maybe they were into money again. I just thank GOD it didn't go any further. I hate wasting time but it beats imprisonment  and  fines for illegal activities. Hopefully this helps save people more.

I got an email about a "Legal Job!", and despite the subject it got through my usual filters and looks fairly professional otherwise. When I asked for more details, it was for a work from job home assistant manager for multi-currency investment. And VERY interested in hiring in America. Attached is the second e-mail. I have two PDF documents I was also sent, but can't attach all the files.


Received an email that I was offered a job and was asked to reply with phone number for an interview. I interviewed over phone and was informed the next day that I had the job. They were opening a new branch in my area. Contact seemed easy until I was told I would have to purchase office supplies without filling out all of my employment information. Check arrived via UPS and I received a follow up call immediately with instructions to deposit the check for $6500 in my personal account to get the supply immediately. Didn't sound right so I called the bank and they could not verify the check. I took the check to the bank and it was confiscated. I was called and asked to send the check back. I told the representative  to  Robert Creech about  what happened and asked him to talk to the bank. He told me he has to check with me and hung up on me. The bank on the check was EECU
Answered an ad  posted on Facebook. It was a local ad. After responding to the text, I asked for a name and was given Eagle Construction, LLC. But the job description seemed more personal Assistant, also in one of about 8 texts states they are into the..also wanted resume,kept saying they needed someone they could TRUST. AFTER I sent my resume, with name, my cell my address...they wanted my banking info to set up an account..then I was wondering why, I told would like to meet, and get more info, answered meet later, in Paris.. The post said needed someone ASAP.Ive sent several other text, but because I want to meet this EMPLOYER, and they have my info..there is no responses.please return.
Exact words: Hi, how are you doing? This is strictly work from home online job offer, The name of the company is online services. At these services we know and understand that life can be intense, overwhelming and even painful because of all the things we are responsible for doing on a daily basis. There are 24 hours in a day, but sometimes you feel like there you s simply not enough time to get everything. Position available is Payroll/Data entry Duties and Responsibilities: Processes run for multiple clients and multiple pay cycles with accuracy and in accordance with management procedures and service level agreements. Ensures clients profile is accurate and up to date. Serves at the customer service representative for assigned clients. Skills and Abilities: Sound knowledge of Benefits Administration (Medical, Dental, Vision, 401(k), Life, Disability). Flexible Schedule, working from your own home office or remote location Multiple Opportunities for Advancement with an increase in pay Performance Bonus? throughout the year Paid weekly by direct deposit Experience working with HRIS/Payroll Systems. Profile in Microsoft Office (emphasis on Linux). Pay rate is $29 per hour One week training are giving. Time is Flexible.4-8 hours daily Training will be giving to you online. This is strictly work from home online job offer. if you are interested let me know to get started. They then used WhatsApp to "interview" me. I received an email with a start date and requests about my personal information. That's when I started getting the addresses, names, and phone numbers.
They send me a check for $ 2,450.00 to deposit in to my bank account to do forresterResearch secret  computer program evaluating what   and  ;  want you to know about it
Applied for Remote job, Involal replied with contract. I then completed contract sent id,name, and address also for completion including method of payment for direct deposit. With Covid-19 and no employment at it's all time high, I thought this would be my break through. My son has no rights I owe rent my spouse lost all respect and faith in me this caused the break down that words can't explain. With 31 days probation. Over 200 dollars spent towards completing each task to be ignored when I wake up to no payment broke me down. I'm completely lost on how to come back from this.
I received an email based on something that I was hoping was goingna be good opportunity for me at the time, which was a remote job that would go along with my current night job. So when I received the email it contained all the key words such as  the company name and website, job title, job responsibilities, Human Resource job description pertaining to data entry and  information that a remote Employee was looking for in as a qualified candidate, and they said my resume and credentials was what gave the company the impression I was a good candidate for this remote job. So soon after I was offered the job and confirmed a yes response,  I sent my phone information to be contacted by an Employer of the company but no phone calls only emails were permitted (Red Flag) I should have known. Anyway, I got another packaged PDF email which was my own hired package stating all the hiring process terms from Hire date to Termination process. Pay-rate, job, description, job assignment, and constant email appears on the company website page. Manager and Supervisor contact responses were only permitted which turned out to be the same person and there were specific detailed conversations discussed  to not contact the company, all correspondence would go through me only, meaning??( Stewart Taylor)and even a timeline to an advanced level salary was also included and everything I could think of to convince me that this job was real. Now I was always skeptical, but where I became more skeptical was after receiving the emails regarding the steps on how to start my first week training, and I was told to deposit them into my account but I told him I felt this was a trap and he sent me another email reassuring me that everything was very well and I could check all paperwork with my lawyer if I wasn't sure. Then this is where he started looking for my first assignment which he said it would take 1-5 business days to receive the assignments and the same was said about my current salary pay which I  never received,   but his main concern was that the customer had written checks for their online purchases for the company sales transactions, and I receive them, I suppose to deposit them, collect the cash, and get my bonus and Haste fee from the check, and wait for instruction on where to send the cash. Now,  I did I receive email accounts with pictures of the product machinery parts sold at a certain amount with date and parts Numbers, But the customer name or any information was not compatible to the checks I received,  as for the Checks I received,  when I called the address it came from, it was somewhere at a Seven Eleven convenience store in Maryland. and the fact that stating the purchase information was somewhere in in Germany.  So please I still have these checks and hope know one will try to come to my address looking for these checks because the do have my full address and phone # How can I block these people? Please help me I am scared!
I received the following text message from the number. It was a group message but I don't recognize the other numbers. Hi, THE FARMS COMPANY Offer to put a small price on your Car/Truck/Bike for $500 weekly. It causes no scratch to your car. Click here to apply https://perduejob.wixsite.com/carperdue
I was looking for jobs on indeed and applied to several. I had received an email from strategic planning solutions for a remote job. I was so excited, I am a single mother, a disabled veteran, and just finishing up college. Once I received that initial email I suppose all of my judgment went out the window. They gave me a start date in one of the emails and I was told I would be contacted through a text from my boss. Which after looking into the company and name all seemed real. On my start date, I was told that a check was sent to me to buy the equipment needed for the job. Once I received the check I deposited using a phone app. After it was deposited I was asked by my "boss" to go to my bank and take out 2 people's checks and put them into an account at wells here, meaning I have a name and account number for this person. After that was complete I was told to keep an eye out for the equipment and text when I showed up for my first assignment. But that day the initial check from "the company" bounced. On Saturday I filed a police report and was told there was nothing they could do. So on Monday, I went to my bank and the checks had already been put into the account. I asked to file a fraud claim in hopes of getting the money back but was told that since I used David's checks this was not an option. So I proceeded to call Wells Fargo and check this account that I put the money into, I was told the account was still active but I was unable to file a fraud complaint with them too since I didn't have an account there. So not only will the police not help but the banks will not. I am more upset that the police and banks are doing nothing, especially since I have the name and account number of the owner. I feel violated by all parties that were involved with this, not just the state but the banks and police as well.
They send you a check for $4850, tell you to keep $1100 for your first 2 weeks of car advertising then ask you to send $3750 to a specialist to put a advertising wrap on your car. After you withdraw the money and deposit it into a Wells Fargo account, the check comes back to your bank as a credit check. They ask you to send a copy of your deposit slip
Contacted by her for job of research assistant. No interview, and all communication through email. When comes time to get paid, account. Is locked out, and management stops communicating.
Yes they had an account where a female wrote they were hiring I checked in to it and everything seemed very easy until they sent me a check for $1450 and had me try to mobile deposit it and I contacted the bank I did mobile deposit through and they informed me that they put a hold on the check because the check was s under check so they are closing my account and I am reporting this company for trying to harm innocent people
Due to this, I am unemployed and have been posting articles with different online companies. I was contacted via text to see if i was still interested in a Data entry position. I was to log into Google Hangouts and contact Capgemini.caroline@gmail.com ( Miss Caroline Smith). During the interview, I was informed that i would be working from home ad that they would be fed-ex-ing a check to me. The check came from a company not Capgemini and written on a third company out of state. Once the check was deposited, instead of going to Best Buy to get the equipment, they wanted Apple pre-paid cards or bills. Then they stated that the amount for the equipment was more than they sent me and wanted me to cover the rest in good faith.
I applied for the job with what I thought was FedEx Express. It never provided a job description or a title. I had been applying for lots of jobs, so it seemed like it was real. They wanted me to pay for orientation, $98, but I would be fine.  They asked for a credit or credit card. I got two letters:  one from Missouri and one from Tennessee.
I got an email one day from this email (bpearson@fctc.coop) saying this: "Title Quality Controller. Organization: BigCommerce Quality Control. Area of Interest: Quality Compliance Inspection. Base salary: $55000 a year. Open Period: 11/23/2020 - 11/30/2020. Status: Permanent. Location: Nationwide. Travel: Singapore. The Position: Our entire business works hard to delight our customers - from the second an order is placed online to the complete coordination of that order behind the scenes, we have to stay fair, fluid and competitive. To help us maintain our high standards of service, we are seeking Quality Controllers, to drive both innovation and execution in our busy Transportation network. Essential Duties: You will get the products that will be sent right to your house, inspect them for accuracy, ensure the goods meet clients' requests and submit all detailed information on the received products. We will evaluate the seller and send you the data for further shipment logistics. Then you will need to ship out the orders to the specified equipment storage facilities. It is a perfect opportunity for you to be a member of our team of professionals and to track the rise of unscrupulousness. Skills Requirements: Must focus on customers' expectations, prevent problems, and aim for continuous improvement resulting in improved results for themselves and customers. Basic knowledge of inspection techniques. Good computer skills. Must have strong leadership skills, maturity and good judgment  demonstrates a positive can-do attitude  have effective communication skills with a diverse range of individuals. Benefits: Medical, dental, 401K, education assistance, and more. What Can We Offer You? This work gives you the chance to plan your day as you wish and get money. You will work right in your house not more than 1-2 hours a day. You don't have to come to office. There is no strict working schedule. If you are interested in the position, please send your resume to the above address. Cheney, Mamie Calhoun." After that email, I sent my resume and was then contacted by Eleanor Cabrera. She had me answer 3 questions then after I answered them she told me that my application was approved and all I had to do was fill out a Job Offer Letter and a Job Delivery Form then after 24 hours they I would receive a response. After a couple of hours, I received an email telling me to register for their control panel which will give me details about the packages that are being delivered. This is another email that they use also with a phone number. (A ) career@premierehubset.com (813) 531-8773)
Offered me an online interview via Google Hangouts, told me I was hired immediately, handed me a check for almost $5,000 to purchase computer equipment, a phone, a desk and a chair, and told me to ignore evidence of this being a fraud, because they're a public company.
from:	Human Resources ONE INTERNATIONAL to: date:	Oct 19, 2020, 8:43 AM subject:	RESUME APPROVED signed-by:	gmail.com signed-by:	gmail.com Human Resources : INTERNATIONAL Oct 19, 2020, 8:43 AM to me Dear Applicant, Our IT Department has reviewed your resume for a Data Entry, Administrative Assistant,Customer Service,Office Assistant,Program Manager positions etc, and we are confident you will be able to perform all the duties attached to each positions after necessary training from our trusted advisors. The name of the company is RSM International. Your details have been provided to the Human Resources Department and  Mr James Jones will be available to discuss the job detail, pay scale, benefit and more about the opening in our company. Your identification code is  ( 3 ), this would serve as your identification number throughout the online hiring process. The positions which we have available here in RSM International Services are: Data Entry Clerk, Accounting Clerk, Bookkeeper, Accounting Executive, Customer Service, Operations Clerk, Front Desk, Medical Administrative, Clerk, Medical and  and  ; and Medical Clerk This is an immediate hire position, the interview will commence from 8am to 8 pm today and tomorrow make sure you are available within this period of time.. To participate together with the interview: The supported platform for the interview is via Wire Account Users 1.) Wire account Users and non Wire account users Option: If you don't have a Wire Account, kindly log to https://app.wire.com/auth/. and have it downloaded for use. After this process is done, you are to invite the interview manager up  on her  Wire app at (@matthewrollingshead )  After doing that you are to message her with your private code to proceed further more with the interview.  She will be online waiting to proceed with you. Thank you. Note: Just because you are having a difficulty in having the hiring manager added on your Telegram, you are to email him on his personal email: (deloittevHR@job4u.com ) Time : 8pm EST. Venue :  Wire Account Users. Regards. Human Resources Press...
I got a job offer from friends to be a model and they had sent me a check but it looks fake. I've done research and seen that there'scam shop and I believe this is it.
I was contacted via text asking for help surveying stores. Was sent a brief Envelope with Directions explaining exactly what the do with the funds from check and how much was for my services. Checked the BBB site first I seen and heard if too many chose not to be cautious.
David D Jackson as well as Harry Kirsch asked me about employment, we talked via Skype, via email. They had even handed me papers and a check.  Claimed to be the Hiring Manager for Cambrex Corporation said they would hire me as a Customer Service Rep, said they would send me a check to pick up all the items that I needed for employment. then sent me a check that was from someone else back account.
I was contacted from someone by text off indeed using my indeed resume.  I was told to speak with the art director via Skype.  The person I was speaking to was Diane Thornhill.  Through a few weeks I had my suspicions and when they sent me a check to deposit into my account to buy equipment I knew it was fraud.  I opened a new bank account with the check they sent and 5 days after being held I was informed it was cancelled.
I was reached out through email about a project manager job opening they mentioned they saw my resume in indeed. Everything seemed very like they have a website, two people from  local. who  contacted me over the phone to interview me for a low salary job. They hired me for a four week training that was just terms and conditions being sent over to me in parts every day and they would test me on it. i started researching the addresses they have on their page and none were  the supply network.. the business never existed anywhere not on Google maps or pages  except their own website... i called the building they supposedly have an office in and they mentioned it doesn't exist.  John reached out to me asking me if i wanted to participate in a project job while training  that involved me purchasing equipment such as phones, radios, computers and shipping it to their office in Paris because the products were not available there. that is how i knew it was a dream. i told him i was not interested in and his attitude on email changed! which was another red flag. I called the number on the website and emails and its all the same number with no extension and they never answer!
I received an email that asked me to schedule a chat interview with an event coordinator. I started the chat on Google again, but the questions started seeming inappropriate (i.e. they wanted to know what bank I used) and the grammar was off. They used a real company and real person's name, so it seemed right on LinkedIn. When I asked them if it was a loan because I wasn't going to tell them my bank, they replied in an aggressive and angry manner.
Stephen Merchant contacted me as an Executive Recruiter, indicating another customer shared my information as a good candidate for a client he was working with. Not unusual for me. I looked up the website, appears legitimate. I look for him and another hotel employee on line - no profiles. Very odd for a vampire. I provided a PDF copy of my resume of which Julia Sherman, Recruiter, state would not log into the ATS (applicant tracking system) and must be an issue with my file. She told me "I asked my colleague, and he instructed me to ask you to check your resume through optimisedresumes.com and see if you can identify and fix the problem. They provide a free resume review if you email them directly. However, for their service, they charge a small fee of $5 on their website. I recommend the free service. " I found all this to be odd, I looked up ATS resume review forms and sure enough these types of schemes are exploding during these challenging times... But with no LinkedIn profile? Not legitimate.
I received a text message from Mr. Kelvin Smart initially sent me the text from () 263-2957 of Metro Group offering me employment. I was notified that I would be using Skype using my cell phone and I told them that would no happen on my phone but would use my laptop  however, when I tried to Skype, my call was declined  then the interview proceeded as a text/chat session. I was given the exact same directions and instructions as others had been given. I was told that I would receive a check within 24-hours, but I declined  but the check arrived yesterday afternoon (May 9, 2020) anyway. The check was written on Martinique HOA Account (c/o Harbor Management), Jupiter, FL. I called Harbor Management to learn their checking account had been checked. I've shared with them everything I'm saying to you so they can begin to resolve the issue from their account. Mr. Kelvin Smart initially sent me the text from () 263-2957. The number on the FedEx envelope is (775) 223-4642. The house is listed as Reno Living Microgreens LLC, 1060 Hunter Lake Dr., Reno, NC 89509. Any further questions?
Dear you, I served 20 years of active duty in the United States Navy, and I retired in 2013. A few days ago, I received an email from a Peter Jensen, who claimed to be a partner at an Executive Hiring firm called SPHiring.  He asked me to send my updated resume. I receive dozens of such requests every week, so I thought nothing of it. Then something weird happened: he called me claiming that he could not read my resume. This seemed suspicious to me, so I started doing some research on SP Hiring. Their website says that they have been in business for 29 years: https://www.sphiring.com/about-us.html But I can find no record of the company on the Internet, and I can't find any information on any of the team members. I think that they executed a big scheme on me, and I could use your help in anyway possible to bring legal action and justice against them. I did a web search on sphiring.com, and it was created on 2020-11-11. I am VERY concerned because the resume that I sent them had all of my personal information. Any assistance that you could provider would be greatly appreciated. I have cc'd the fictional SAS guy Peter Jensen in this email to show him that I mean business, and that I am going to fight back!!! -- Thank you for your time!!  I have seen the emails from Peter Jensen below. Hello   , This email is in response to the resume you've sent to us. I am the team leader on this project and have received your information from Michael Robles. I will check my schedule and let you know a few time slots for a brief phone call. We are having trouble relating your resume to our candidate management system. Have you ever had issues with your resume before? There may be an issue with the file, can you please send me another copy so I can try again. You have a professionally written resume. I am not sure what the issue is. Best regards, Peter Jensen Senior Executive with SP Hiring Inc. www.sphiring.com 153 W 27th & 9th Floor - Suite 905 New York, NY 10001 Hello     , We are still having the same issue with your resume. I asked my colleague and apparently, it is a common issue. He instructed me to ask you to check your resume through https://layered-designs.com and see if you can identify and fix the problem. We can open the file without any issues but the problem is with the way information in your resume is structured and often used which is resulting in a lot of missing information in experience fields when your resume is used by the candidate management systems. Please check your resume and try fixing the issue so we don't have to manually type everything in our candidate tracking system. We have a call scheduled with the client on Tuesday next week and I will try to make a brief introduction. I am available for a call anytime on Wednesday next week. Let me know a time that works for you and I will give you a call to discuss the next steps and in the meantime please try to get your resume issue fixed so our timing is not affected. Best regards, Peter Jensen Senior Executive with SP Hiring Inc. www.sphiring.com 153 W 27th & 9th Floor - Suite 905 New York, NY 10001
They want you to put a label on your vehicle advertising their product. They send you a check for certain amount what you to take it to your bank cash yet keep $500 and the rest is deposited to an account for the local people to come and put the check on. And supposedly every two weeks they'll send you another check for payment of using your vehicle.
To whom this may concern, I was contacted from a supposed company about my resume to work from home, letting me know I was a wonderful fit for a supply chain operations manager, after responding letting them know that I was still looking for work. I had a phone interview they said everything looked at great, they wanted to hire me for the position and be paid by salary. Then I filled out a W-4 form and sent copies of my driver's license, the next day the site was down and I have yet to receive any further communication from supposed general manager. When trying to contact phone numbers where I was told general manager and supervisor can be reached one phone number rang to call and the other number was disconnected.
So to start with, the company name indicated in the signature 'Symphony Solutions' is different than the domain (Inspiration Services) of the user's email address, the suspicious name provided in the email body to supposedly contribute to their email list for employment opportunities, and the website indicated at the bottom to "Inc." Second, the greeting was merely "Hi." Legitimate companies will always include the recipient's name. Third, the body of the email stated "I am looking out for passionate individuals for Management roles for one of our direct client. You perfectly meet my requirements. Please click to my email list so I can send you the opportunity immediately and receive suggestions for more interesting opportunities in days ahead." followed by a suspicious look (which I did not click on, of course). Fourth, there was no phone number indicated anywhere. Similar to my second point, legitimate companies will always include at least 1 (or more) phone numbers. Fifth, after a quick Google, it appears that this team has been using this same approach for quite a while. Including another address in Virginia (the email I received indicated an address of 340 S LEMONE, WALNUT, CA 91789). Sixth, after another Google search of that California address, one of the first results is the BBB.org profile page (see: https://www.bbb.org/us/ca/walnut/profile/resume-services/symphony-solutions-1216-1265318) for this supposed company with complaints going back to June 2020. And finally, whoever is behind this scheme should be ashamed of themselves! Trying to take advantage of innocent people that are trying to find employment, getting their hopes up only to be disappointed that it's completely over. If there is a hell, they will surely be going there for their most aggressive actions targeting desperate job workers.
Got a job offer for an internship for NBC. Said that I would be doing audit work and I actually went to audit a business, they wanted me to send pictures of the buildings and basically "view" the building but also wanted me to go inside and take pictures which i thought was too personal so I was not willing to do that, the problem that I had came when they told me I needed to use a new bank because they did not accept my local credit union and suggested I use a bank like Wells Fargo. Called the FBI to basically verify this business but NBC has a fraud warning and everything that was implied by the "true" Stephanie (no last name) were red flags that NBC was warning about.
Fake offer of employment. Ordered phone from her sent to me under contract with you
I was contacted (online) by a Helen Hayes of Home Insurance about a "home based insurance agent" AKA a lawyer. I then learned this is a way to get my address and name to ship stolen items to overseas. She has me telling you they're business "secret" items bought with stolen cards, delivered to my address for inspection, then I'd ship them to a warehouse.
I was contacted by Kate Burr after applying for a job as a remote project manager. I was Interviewed twice and was then told I had the position, all I had to do now was train for a month which would last from. Nov.18-Dec.18 which I would get paid $2,000 during the training and as long as I passed the training successfully I would go on to being employed full-time.  At the 2-week training mark I was told since I was doing so well that the company wanted me to start on a project using all equipment needed for their new Minneapolis, MN location, and I was excited to start and show the company how well of a job I could do, on my training 3rd week of training I was than asked if I had a credit card it didn't matter is the card had a balance because they were waiting for the company funds to finish being setup which they told me was going to take 3 weeks but the funds were being transferred from the corporate account.  When I made Colin Holmberg aware that I did not have a credit card just a bank account he said he would get back to me.   Check in never got back to me. So after signing a contract that guaranteed me $2000 for training then an additional 2 contracts one for purchase of supplies and what I would be entitled and due after completion of project and would start full-time Dec.18, 2020 at a salary of 110,000.   So I wasted time looking for proper employment as Power-rent LLC HAD A BBB account, a website, daily email correspondence with Colin Holmberg, and did everything I was asked to do except hand over my financial information.   Please take their credentials down. I can't believe what kind of person you would have to be to fake employment to people who desperately need and want to have a job and income.  When all Power-rent LLC, Kate Burr, Colin Holmberg wanted to get their hands on money from people like me and others who don't have money to spare and are just looking for a solid job.   So please don't let them continue to do this to others especially during the holiday season when I know my children and I were glad that I got this supposedly amazing job that would of gave them a very happy Christmas but instead has put me who's the only form of income for my family in a horrible situation when I had to tell my kids that this great job was all a fraud.    Please take them down so no one else and their family has to deal with this type of problem.
Kill me.  Told me $500 WEEKLY to put money on car to drive.
I received an email from the  local employer,  about the job description and accepted. There was contracts and plans and an IT department. I received multiple packages to send out and I did so. Realized I wasn't receiving my check in the mail like they said after 30 days. So I worked for a full month before realizing I was being stalked.
Received an email from Smart Shoppers on 10/20/20 from Career Builders stating I was being considered for the new Shopping and Shipping Associate. Base Pay 2900.00 and 20.00 for each box inspected/and shipped off to the Customer...Never had to use my own money/ They provided UPS, Federal Express  and  United State Postal Service email info on where I could have boxes sent to me. Plus supplies.Packages came in different ones name/but had my address on there. To make a long story short, I did a Direct Deposit Slip, A Form and STATE ID. Received email from Accounting Dept with the same/indicating all information was updated, I would receive a check in bank account on 12/4/20. No payment was ever received. Sent emails to them/IT, and also the 2 people that claims to be Supervisor. No one would talk to me/not even return my call. Today, they banned me from the Dashboard set up.Reported them also, to Federal Trade Commission...Part of this company

Mike along with Adecco sold me on the assignment offering me a job, saying that it would be a permanent position after five weeks. I asked at least three times about these statements because I have worked seasonal jobs, and they are 99.9% never went to new positions. Then I get to orientation and am told that it will be a three-week position and if 500 hours are worked a permanent position would be considered (which is impossible to be considered because we would never make 500 hours). I was supposed to work 21, 10 hour days straight, at 15.00 an hour. I worked a total of 53.92 hours (29.98 Regular/13.92 Overtime/10.02 Holiday) the week of 11/22 -11/28. They initially tried to pay me 29. hours and sent me 395.00 as payment for that week  when it should have been 1,373.67. For the week of 11/29 - 12/5, I worked a total of 44.27 hours (240.00 Regular/4.27 Overtime). They are paying me for only 39.99 hours and sending me 644.62 as payment for that week  when it should have been 967.44 (before taxes). I have proof that I did not miss a day of work, and that Adecco is only violating the holiday pay and overtime hours made at radial. I also filed exempt when I found out I would only be working three weeks and Radial only kept us working a week and a half. It is clearly visible from the Clock-In and Worked Hours pages given to me by Radial's, and the Adecco pay,  that Adecco, is saving money by not counting and paying employees for hours worked. I refused other positions that I could have worked normal hours and got paid up until Friday only to be fighting this company for stealing my time and money. These people have messed up my ability to pay rent, my car note, and insurance on time  not to mention, stay with my kids since I missed Thanksgiving. I have been stressed out over this and I want something done to remedy the situation. I have proof of all hours, wages earned, and pay them upon request.
They hired me from my resume on an employment search site like Career builders. I responded to their add for employment and after a long phone conversation I was hired a couple days later by email calling me. I went from that to talking with a new person that said she was my new shipping manager and told me to set up a database with the provided link and read my ID  and  drivers license which I had already done to the first guy. She said she had to have it again for verification. The offer was to have me receive packages at my address, open them, inspect them and ship them off with a shipping label they would provide for me. I wouldn't be paid for 30 days initially and then would be paid for that whole month around the end of the next month and every two weeks thereafter. That was strange. Then the offer of $2800 a month PLUS $50 for every package sent out  to successfully.  I was a bit skeptical but I did it anyway and just as I suspected they are sorry they didn't pay me they owe me about $4000
Contacted about a job offer, sent a check for $2,450 and told to keep part of it and use the rest at multiple stores to buy gift cards while surveying the man who was doing the job.
They interview on stage for the position of Chief Assistant. Send a hiring letter on email. And then send you a credit check to buy materials from a specific vendor.
Judith Baker called and called me asking about employment as an administrative assistant. She instructed me saying my job was to look for offices that they can expand their company. ( I didn't find a problem with that) Here is the problem, She wanted me to go to bank of America to open a business account where she asked me to pay for the deposit. She then informed me that instead of using a bank I can send her money.( Phone conversation) I sent her 100 in the mail which now I see that I lost that 100 because I didn't get anything in return.  I then knew that this was not a real business. PLEASE DO NOT FALL FOR THIS JOB. It is a waste of time and energy.  I have 4 children and seeking a new employment and to go through all of this is crazy.
I was hired to review packages and assess four quality such as if the packaging was damaged and if the article was old or new. My first two packages were T-shirts. There were two shirts in each package. One had older wrapping and the other had new. But then I get this cell phone and know that this would not be present in this packaging or need to be verified. So I am going to deliver this package with the packing slip to the police office. I have a database online where I'm supposed to log any product defects or packaging that does not match the delivery. But once I don't ship it, they are going to know that I suspect something is here. I have not been paid because I would not be paid until December 31. But clearly this is a hell of a plan that is presently out there. I suspect these are products that are bought with somebody else's credit cards or accounts. I think this is possibly happening out of Tennessee due to the big labels. The job was found via his machine. http://169-139-19-0.business/user/mail.php This is the website portal you are given to log your packages. The pay rate was $40/hour to review and evaluate new suppliers for an Amazon business.
Received email, on cell, in the afternoon-busy so assessed it later in the evening (on laptop) -initial reaction was swift. Looked up the two "Company Executives" Joe Garcia, James Dickson and Jim Hiring on LinkedIn and...nothing. I "replied only" to Jorge's email address but software asked me "if I really wanted to reply to the waiting list or just the letter" first time every seeing this...another red flag. Without taking a high level approach to assess this website, www.vphiring.com's website looks professional. I also wrote "is it hiring legit"-clicked on a site that can assess it (forgot the name) and response: "might be recent but too recent to gain data". A Hiring website suggested a 30 year history...3rd strike so I opted out. Bottom line: There are no free markets and most often people, who reach out to you without credible names that you know and can verify, are simply trying to sell something-illegal or questionable.
I saw a job posting on Indeed for a remote administrative assistant job. I was reached out to on Indeed that I'd be a perfect candidate. I was then directed to follow up with the email given. They were going to send me a check for materials and the first week's pay. But there was an issue getting the check. They started to suggest that I use Zelle or Apple Pay to send the money to their "supplier". When that didn't work (because I was low cash funds too), they suggested getting Best Buy gift cards to have a software attached to me. All contact was done as a mix of text and email.
I just got done doing an interview that I thought was with the company today. However as the interview continued, they asked for me to buy their cards and give them the information to purchase programs to download onto a laptop that would be sent to my home address so I could be a data clerk. Once they mentioned the real Mastercard, I realised that it was most likely a fake.  When I started to question the legitimacy of this job, they refused to message me back about anything. I took notes of the entire conversation and have sent them to email.The initial person posted the job on Facebook and routed me to a Supervisor who did the interview through Google Hangouts.
I had my resume posted on Indeed.com, I was contacted by Natrona Bottling Company saying they thought I would be a good fit for their company and asked if I would be interested in having my vehicle wrapped with an advertisement for their company..  I said yes..  They then send me a check for $2,400 and asked me to cash the check then transfer $1800 through Cash App to Mr. Jeffery Roberts for the wrap.
from:	Mirta.Bremser reply-to:	"Mirta.Bremser" to: date:	May 8, 2020, 1:25 AM subject:    Assistant vacancy is waiting for you in Pearl River, N.Y. signed-by:	aol.com signed-by:	aol.com We now have an available job role only for you as the Quality Control manager at SP INC. The workforce will conduct a variety of jobs which include customer care, financial reports, researching the market, as well as analysis.Our workers will firmly stick to the company's method working together with a group of co-workers and other company's business units. We also provide a first month of an education phase that will contain tips for all your responsibilities that you will require in order to do your role successfully. Within this phase you will have a personal assistant and will receive a regular income and expenses as well. This is a work from home status which means you'll get the chance to operate and privately plan your own holiday timetable whilst remaining in the safety of your personal property atmosphere. Make sure you apply only if you're the USA citizen or located inside the US STATES territory. If you are fascinated, kindly make contact with us with your telephone number and our hiring manager will e mail you shortly with more info regarding this status to start the on-boarding process. Make sure you, react to: Mirta.Bremser.sp@workusahub.com
I received a letter informing me that I was being selected to be an extremely secret lover.  I received a typed letter and a cash check for 2457.00 asking me to shop and go purchase gift cards.  I knew this had to be a.

My supervisor lied to me saying that at first my start-up check was going to be delayed, due to the winter, then the next day after, he stated that the check was delayed due to the holiday. I believe he also sent me a fake check, because he wanted me to deposit it into the account and when I did it was fine. The next 4 days on December 4th, the check was returned, and it left me with a negative $35.00 in my account and I told him about it. He didn't even respond with a solution to the problem anytime soon within that time period. I'm still HIGHLY disappointed. NEVER again.  I also told him my social security, personal information like that, and while I texted that while he was online, he went off immediately like he was ignoring my messages.
I've been applying for many jobs on Indeed. Monday (12/5) I received an email from an employer through Indeed. It was someone claiming to be a lab assistant from Ohio Eye Alliance. They asked for my name, email, and phone number for confirmation and informed me that I would receive a job offer the next day. I did not. Today, 12/7, someone called me (personal email, not provided on Indeed when applying for jobs) regarding an offer for a position. I did not apply for this position. I can't find there being anywhere online besides the link provided. The number provided rings once and does to twice. They went as far as sending me a fake contract to sign.
I received a text from the number above stating that I had been chosen to be a secret teacher (something I have been applying for elsewhere, so this wasn't out of the norm) and to navigate to https://fortressinsights.com/. There, I filled out a simple form and was told I'd be contacted if a car was needed for my area. A couple of weeks later, I received a follow up text stating that my application was being considered, but they needed to confirm that I had access to Walmart, Target, BestBuy, and/or Walgreens. I confirmed that I did. The NEXT DAY, I received a priority mail package from a Missouri address and a check inside for $4,900, in my name. There were instructions for me to deposit the check in the bank, keep $900, go to work within 48 hours, purchase four $1,000 un-named money orders, and And Overnight them to an address that would later be disclosed to me. I searched the internet and found a similar story: https://www.nbc12.com/story/37113691/man-targeted-by-walmart-secret-shopper-scam-wants-to-warn-others/#:~:text=On%20Walmart's%20website%2C%20there%20is,they%20may%20feel%20is%20fraudulent. I did not go through with this. I'm sure I'll have to block this person from my phone.
On Indeed, I was employed on behalf of Blue Square Delivery. A guy by the name of Bob         offered me the job back on November 5th, 2020. He told me this would be a remote job where I would receive packages, put a proper shipping label on it and ship it out the same day via FedEx and UPS. The only problem I have is they told me I was going to get paid on a monthly schedule of 3,000. They said I was on a monthly probation period where I would get paid December 5th, 2020. Well October 5th, has passed and I haven't received anything. I called and called my boss Bob         numerous of times and I haven't gotten a response from him as of yet. Also they locked me out of the main website at Blue square delivery.com for no reason where I was able to log in and see if any packages would come to my address.  They owed me $3000.  This is a.
Group of individuals offering false employment offers to Ubisoft through email. Claim they saw victims' portfolio on television and attempt to use information  and ly. Insist on only communicating through text (@ubisoftartistjobs). Didnot reach out or pursue, but they are still legitimate employees at Ubisoft.
Even the page where they claim to have my tasks there are no names and on the website there still no names. Under tasks there only is  no supervisor based  on who the task came from. The
 Read this email. Did not reach out to this company, just randomly got sent this. I didn't give them any personal information.    "    "Re: doing thee wonderful work here. Inbox Kim Brown 7:02 AM (6 hours ago) to pratik.harani Our customer, privately held heavy machinery consulting company, with clients in more than 36 countries, is seeking for Project Administrator based in USA. Unit Number: 2345D/20 Area of Interest: Project Administration Salary: $85K - $110K a year Telecommute work: Applicable Location: per request Benefit Package: 1, FMLA, 401K and more Date of Closure: 12/24/20 Job Summary: With full responsibility and authority for project profits and losses, this role manages all types of assigned service projects. Projects conducted may range from $1M to $10M and last from 1 to 10 weeks or longer. Responsibilities: - Manage assigned projects to execution, making sure that all plans are coordinated and completed within budget and on time. - Develop proper project plan and budget for all assigned projects. - Manage private group meetings with other managers to analyze the status of each job. - Lead customer deployment meetings to provide them with comprehensive job status reports. Requirements: - B.A. from a four-year college or university. - Two to three years related experience and/or training  or equivalent combination of education and experience. - Strong written and oral communication skills. - Ability to lead and monitor multiple data streams. If you meet the requirements or want to get more, please email me your resume. Attention! ONLY candidates with votes will be reached." 
Received an offer to be a "Secret Partner" at least stating the Federal Reserve Global Campaign on securities on mobile payments advised banks and stores to stop selling certain types of gift cards and that places like Atlanta were still selling them. I was instructed to purchase 4 gift cards, 2 from one dealer and 2 from another for $400.00 each, take photos of the back of the cards and text them to Donald Myers and my pay was $350.00. Two of the card numbers are above, the other two are                  and                . I purchased them on 11/10/2020, texted them and was then instructed to destroy them which I did. I have copies of the cards and the notes. The lawyer's check sent to me was drawn on Sunlight Federal Credit Union, 1702 17th St Cody, Wyoming 82414. The check # is      , routing and route. number is                                the designer was Wesley Kuechle and the amount was $1950.00. On 11/13/2020, I received a notice that the check was cancelled and my account was charged $1950.00, plus a return fee of $10.00. Most of my bills are automatically withdrawn from my account so in addition to the amount of the bills, I was charged $175.00 in legal fees.
I had been receiving texts from this place asking me to put the cookies advertisement on my car, so i played along.  then they text me a few questions.  Then like 4 weeks later I receive a priority mail package from this place.  Metro Crossing Shopping Center, 3626 Metro Drive, Council Bluff CA 51501.  I open it, it is a check from Wells Fargo, Jan G. Henriksen, 131 Forest Ave, South Plainfield, NJ 07080.  for 1500.00 dollars.  Then a letter with instruction to take to the bank, call them they will send someone out to put the advertisement on the car.  I then get to pay myself out of this money and then pay the guy who puts the advertisement on.  This check looks great.  It is a dream for sure and it is very scary this time in our worlds chaos that this is happening.  Thank you for your time in this matter. ..
I was on vacation and got a message a out working at home. Once I answered they claimed to be giving me and interview and needed my email address and cell name and password  now I can't log back into any of them. They also wanted me to send 50.00 for shipping of work materials and said I would get it back with my first check
I was looking for a job on Facebook and found one as a personal assistant from a business called Jackson Family  then a guy named Martin sent me an email saying he would send me a check, when I got the check everything on it looked fake when I would try to call the guy to talk to a real person he would never answer and he kept telling me saying just cash the check and send the money back
they approached me on a legitimate job search site as I was looking for employment after recently moving to a new area. They said that I would be quality control inspector for packages - they set up an interview over the phone and I was nervous so I did not ask a lot of questions. I looked them up afterwards and found a Web site so thought it was legitimate. I followed their instructions and it did not cost me anything. I kept thinking that it was too good to be true as they had offered me a base salary of 2800.00 and an additional $50.00 for each package shipped. They said that it was the mandatory period and that I would be paid upon successful completion of all assignments and that I would be paid on December 6th - over a month after I started. On December 6th I did not receive payment and began to get suspicious when I tried to contact my supervisor who's phone suddenly was not currently in service. I called all other managers and contractors and the website too - all not in service. I slapped them on their Facebook and the response was - our phone lines are down and we are currently working to fix the problem and apologize for any inconvenience. They instructed me to contact it with questions regarding my pay/compensation. I really was thinking now this is a game and began to doubt it. I became very concerned about identity fraud and spent the day calling credit report agencies and freezing my info and letting them know of suspected fraud. I also called the company and found all sorts of other people who have had similar dreams. i am really worried now because I gave them my social security information when they asked me to fill out my name and use my license both sides. They really got me. Now I am also scared that I am a part of something really wrong and illegal. Feel so stupid but want to warn others. I am using you to figure out what to do next. Want to take the proper steps. Looking back I really first suspected it was a dream because it was too good to be true - but then I thought well, now they have this legitimate website and more - so must be ok. Now I can also see the other signs were all there - like they had spelling and grammar mistakes in correspondence and when they called me they always seemed rushed to get off the phone with me. I guess that is it for now. They convinced me that I was helping people with quality control of their packages and that people overseas can't get packages from the U.S with guarantees of quality and that they cannot return items from U.S. and that it helps them and allows them to have a guarantee of quality and easy returns. Oh I'm so dumb!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Now I am really scared that I will be their next victim of identity theft and their vicious cycle will go on turning. I have a lot of pictures and evidence to submit if you need it. In addition to giving my social security number, ID, phone, address, DOB, I also gave bank and bank information so I could receive back - deposit.
Job: quality shipping clerk, $2800 salary plus $50 bonus per package shipped out same day.  Company doesn't pay.  Provides hiring letter. Legal paperwork of sale, etc., but doesn't pay.  The company gets all info for identity theft: your name, date of birth, social security number and bank account information.
Couple weeks ago, I got a text about a small survey job, I original thought it is best position for me. Even though I assumed it was a Mystery Shopper type of position. Which I done in the past. Well after I agreed for this position, I submitted my information. Then I was suppose to received the information instruction by mail. Which I did received  but something is off with the check. Before I continue with the instruction .  I did a little received about that survey job/Mystery Shop. Their wasn't nothing I can found except lots of other complaints about these survey positions and the instruction details that I was suppose to but I didn't because I felt was off wrong about this since aware in the past the same about deposit checks on how once you deposit the check in your account. The bank default you since, they already withdrawal that amount and you stuck with the negative balance.
Hello my name is Muhamed Jones and this is very important. This company called Blue Square Delivery is out to target people during this period I guess. I got a job offer from this job back on November 5th they basically told me they would pay me 3,000 on a monthly basis and my first day would come December 5th 2020. Well guess what during that whole month I answered every phone call, did what was asked by my boss and came time of September 5th they signed me out of their website permanently, blocked my number and never paid me one bill. Watch out for this company people. They will try to play nice in front of your face but these are crooked people. They will use you and ditch you once they can't use you anymore.
I was reached out to by Annette Williams telling me to contact a lady names Jennifer who was supposedly "hiring manager" they had me make a little call to have this interview impersonating this company and attempted to collect personal information from me and told me I need to cash this check for my supplies and computer programs.
Job offered for at home work part time or full time. Went through interview online and was told I was a good pick. After many questions, I was told I would get a lap top, cash, and funding for anything else I needed to to the job. So far so good. After purchasing certain info, I was asked for my banking info for direct deposit which I chose as a means of getting paid. I gave them the account number, routing number, and name of institution. Then they wanted name and password. When I refused to give it to them, they kept trying to convince me that they were not an illegal company and there were no illegal activities going on. I continued to refuse their request and they kept trying to convince me to take the job. It was all going well until they asked for the name and password of the account.

I was asked to download the Telegram Online app to do the interview. A Michael          a interviewed me for data entry position. The salary was high which was a red flag. They sent me a check to buy office supplies. When I called the company name on the check, they said that I was the second person recently to have been named in this way.
I was contacted by the email provided asking me to do an interview. The interview was all online and I did not talk to anybody. Once the interview is over and submitted the next day I got an email again saying that I had a job offer. I signed the job offer after looking up the company. Xpo logistics is a real company. The paper used the company's logo and said that I would be getting a check in the mail. With the check I was required to purchase office equipment because my position was a work from home position. Once I received the check a few weeks later they asked me to send payments to certain vendors through various money apps. I had to use several apps because of the apps fraud detection. A later found out that my bank froze my account and put it under investigation as well as rejecting the check that I got. I'm currently waiting to work with my bank to get that resolved.
Started off as any normal job interview, answered a few questions and then a day or two later received a job offer. He later informs me a check is on the way in order for me to purchase new equipment and for my training. After I received and deposited the (fake) check, he then says the next step for me is to go to USPS, purchase a money order and send it to another address. This sent off huge red flags so I did some research and found out that this was a type of drug. So I immediately cut contact, reported the fake check to my bank and reported the business. Lo and me, the check was found to be fake by my bank a few days after my report.
I was contacted via text message from Kim Arbour 813-670-8919 about a job opportunity working from home at 30.75/if she never called everything was by online mail on local and after a text interview she passed me to a pate who uses prowled.lanxess@gmail.com who then tells me the lay out of the work and services provided which all sounded good until he asked me about my financial institution and how long I've been with them and do I use cash app then he sent me a digital check to deposit to my account of 4500 and the check cleared then immediately asked me to make purchases via cash app and or money order after I felt suspicious I asked him about his supervisor and or her department manager to ensure everything was clear and as I suspected it wasn't so I've contacted my bank to ensure my accounts were safe and red handed and immediately resigned from the would be position and asked where would I like the funds based too due to the lack of support information from the company
I started working for this company September 4, they send a video to make sure this is the job for you. You inspect packages then ship them back out, seems like until you get close to it. The packages slow down and they don you tuck you for not logging on to that. On Monday which was December 4, I didn't get paid. I tried to call my supervisor the phone wasn't a working number. They called me saying phones are down due to maintenance. Still haven't been paid and I still have 2 packages left! When I try to turn to Facebook it says user name invalid. I was to be paid $3,350, which I'm not happy about because I needed that money to pay my bills!!! Now it's a chance I may be homeless.
This website is talking people into thinking they will make money but they do. pay
from:	HumanResources : TECHNOLOGIES  via hamiltongunclub.net to: date:	May 19, 2020, 6:21 AM subject:	RESUME APPROVED Follow-by:	hamiltongunclub.net Dear Applicant, Congratulations! Our recruitment team has reviewed your resume from the AD for the position of an Office / Assistant /Receptionist/Data Clerk Position you applied for on Career Builder and has been awarded to the Hiring Manager. The name of the Company is AKKA Technologies Your resume was shortlisted for an online interview with one of the Group Manager Mr James Bernard and he would like to conduct an on-line interview with you as soon as possible to discuss more about the pay scale, benefits and Job Position that you are yet to occupy. The Interview will commence online now via Telegram Messenger, you are needed to visit your phone App Store and install Telegram Messenger and contact the Hiring Manager, Create an account with Telegram using your number and click contact and add him up, Here is his ID @Hrjamesbernard or +1 609 283 2718, Please after you add him to your contact, you must send him a message there for him to receive and reply back to proceed, and if having any issues kindly email back and for further assistance Your Verification/Hiring code is "A - 3515", this would serve as your identification number through out the online hiring process. Your direct response matters a lot. Interview Schedule: Online. Interview Time: All Training is Available.. Human Resources! Human Resources Associate
I started working for this company September 4, they send a video to make sure this is the job for you. You inspect packages then ship them back out, seems like until you get close to it. The packages slow down and they don you tuck you for not logging on to that. On Monday which was December 4, I didn't get paid. I tried to call my supervisor the phone wasn't a working number. They called me saying phones are down due to maintenance. Still haven't been paid and I still have 2 packages left! When I try to turn to Facebook it says user name invalid. I was to be paid which I'm not happy about because I needed that money to pay my bills!!! Now it's a chance I may be homeless.
I received an email with a job offer from a suspicious email address on Outlook. There was no address or company name. The only identifying information was that the email came from someone named Allyson Lee at the email address weinsteinnshennaop@outlook.com. Here it is the text of the suspicious email: If you're interested in getting a good job in logistics business then you'll be interested in reading our job-offer. Full-time job and stable payments! Job Requirements: - A citizen of the USA - You have a bachelor's degree not necessary - You have an actual postal address in the United States of America - Being able to lift yourself up to 30 lbs - You have an ability for distant work without direct supervision What we give: - Full week work. - The head company is situated in the US. - Remote work out of your house. - 3500 dollars monthly payment. What you will do: - Pick boxes again if needed. - Verify the presence of the contents in boxes, make photos and record them. - Process the list of arriving items through a special software. - Get different boxes to your house through postal services. - Send the boxes to the final destination, make calls and deliver to the closest delivery company. Don't hesitate and write us back if you feel that this job is for you! Respond this mail with your contact telephone number and our help will reach you as soon as possible.
I was on Freelacer.com looking for some at home work while I recovered from an injury. I stumbled upon an easy one claiming to want information moved from 50 pages into one page. However, the user (aanshmakell8) referred me to a 'Mr person', who claimed to work for the company CSGI. He quickly 'interviewed'  me and asked me to work for them on Wiremaster, and sent me a check for $2150 to purchase training materials by email from someone from the Accounting Department. The first check was indeed from CSGI, but wouldn't go through, so they sent another from Mays-Shedd Sales, who was a vendor? I didn't read much into it. The funds weren't automatically deposited, but he wanted me to send $500 to someone via Zelle. The first was a number, and I called them. However, they didn't know anything about CSGI or the vendor. Then I called the company who hadn't heard of him either. He has a picture of a friend on there: a white male, late 60s or early 60s, but the person himself has an accent and says he's a black American. I hope this check is fake, but I don't trust the job, or freelance.com honestly. This is the second time I've nearly been raped.
The paper wrote, "Hello, Fast growing International Company is seeking for individuals with a "team player" attitude, great communication skills, a great work style, with a flexible working schedule. We offer part-time home-based position of Assistant Manager, that is available on the whole territory of the United States. Our benefits include: - Base Salary - Bonus Plan - Flexible Hours - Free Training - No Experience Needed - Paid Vacation - Travel Opportunities - No Hidden Fees Your position duties include: - Shipping papers and letters - Processing services - Administrative tasks - Dealing with your financial market - Daily reports If You're interested and would like to find out more about us and the position offered, please email me back. We'll reply with detailed information within 48 hours. We're an equal opportunity employer. The Company does not investigate on the basis of race, color, age, pregnancy, family status, height, veteran status or any other legally protected category in connection with any phase of the employment process. Please only, no agencies or agencies please! Thank you. Have a nice day. Best regards, Luisa Welch Senior " Manager"
I received a check for over $2000 in a red envelope. I also received a text from   a Michael Briano. Hello Thomas Gibbons, please! Application approved- Designated Assignment location: Chicago, Agent for 5, Salary $350  Assignment details  and  instructions" will get to your provided email address today or tomorrow via USPS mail keep an eye out. Reply this text. Hello...I have just been informed that the first assignment package has been delivered to you. Please verify you have it so I can direct you on what to do next. I want your quick response....Thanks My name is Michael Brian and i have been assigned as your coordinator i will be guiding you on all that is needed to be done as far as these assignment is concerned. Trust me its going to be fun Did you get the check filed at your bank account yet?
Backed by Nature reached out to me on whether to be an ambassador. They gave me a dress code to use, so I bought several things and eagerly awaited their arrival. After 3 months, and several messages later, I received 1 item of my several item order. It was a giant bracelet that wouldn't fit. No other items were received. When i asked them about it, I was told to email them. When I asked them my long story, I received . no. We can not help you  I then reached out to their Instagram user and spent a good 15 minutes of being told to email them and they can't help me. Best to say, I'm not happy and feel silly for falling for it.
I was trying to find a job amid this pain we are going through right now. I was using the freelance website now when I applied to do an illustration job. I didn't get the job but I was contacted by a person from the company that wanted me to work on the next job available. I was advised to contact another person through the email which I did. His name is Massimiliano Stumpo and he wanted to hire me as Graphic Designer for the company INTERNET .  I. I signed a paper be a part of the company. I was told to design some logo and banner. I completed these works and submitted it the next day. Following this I had to repeat it again a couple of days later. I was told by Massimiliano that I was going to get a new package in a couple of days. I got the package and it had a check for $,4982. I went to my personal bank they said it was a cash check. I contacted the bank on the check, Bryant Bank and they also confirmed this was not a real check. I was instructed to purchase equipment for my new position. This is not a real job opportunity this is a dream.
I was contacted by email then by phone about part time employment plans.  I had a fairly straight forward phone interview with someone who claimed to be from Ohio.  I provided some basic information to them including my name, phone, address, email, a photo of my US passport (I did take a picture of my passport so they could see it was real but I did cover up my personal information that is on the info page of the passport).  I did not provide any bank information and my address is a PO box.  I have heard from other people that this is a case and possibly an instance of identity theft.  I have not been able to contact them since we talked on the phone.  All the numbers they provided are no longer in service and no one has responded to any of my emails.  I don't know of any identity theft at this time but I am worried.
Was contacted through email.  See attached email: Eitan Braham Mon, May 30, 6:50 AM (4 days ago) Photographer Company name: Knickerbocker Location: Work from home/Remote ( TV and CANADA only) Job Type: Full time/ Part time Knickerbocker Clothing Co is looking for a photographers to be apart of our remote network. We are looking for a creative individual to work within our network and connect with our team. We pride ourselves on creating diverse creative pieces for a number of brands and audiences. Our visual concepts are used for brands, special events, social media, websites, online learning and much more. About us Knickerbocker's guiding principle is always to be product focused rather than trend focused. We work with product lines as do most, however no product will be rushed for the sake of a deadline or a trend. We aim to set up our supply chain in such a way that we can bring our customers high value products at an affordable price. Through our network of vendors around the world and unique sales practices we aim to achieve our goal of producing ready made wines at a price made for you. As of 2018, Knickerbocker remains based in New York City. Knickerbocker currently sells online and also ships to over 100 retailers worldwide. Knickerbocker's model is oriented towards direct to consumer channels in the United States, focusing on a smaller amount of highly selected brick  and  mortar stores nationwide, while the company tries to build a bigger wholesale market presence internationally. Website http://www.knickerbockermfg.co Duties may include:  Shooting various products for our partnership company(Amazon ) use in promotion and marketing  Light and Shoot digital product photography for children  Collaborate with Category Managers, Marketing Team and other Photographers to ensure consistency of design and product story.  Produce digital images that can be quickly edited and made web-ready Required experience: - Excellent communications skills. - Experience in web design and photography is a plus - 1-3 years of photographer experience - Ability to work independently. - Must have passion for creativity with an eye for detail. Benefits: - Dental and vision insurance benefit. - Paid holidays and Paid time off. - We offer Bonuses and flexible working hours. - $45/hour pay. - Medical insurance benefit FOR IMMEDIATE CONSIDERATION FOLLOW THE BELOW STEPS TO APPLY: We found your portfolio through indeed.com from one of our post and we require you to take a short online interview with our hiring department. For immediate consideration we would like to have a brief chat with you through our Telegram page, you can download Telegram app on your computer or smart phone from the app store, save the Technical Manager Andrew Livingston number (619-486-5259) as a contact on your phone and send him a message to begin the interview. NOTE: Telegram is a simple chat chat platform for workers, it works like Slack and WhatsApp app. Eitan Braham, Human Resource Team, Knickerbocker However, on LinkedIn, Eitan Braham's title is President.  In an employee contract I was sent, his title is listed as an Employee Manager.  Andrew Livingston on LinkedIn has a title of Design, Creative  and  Production but listed as Technical Manager in the email. They have suspicious email addresses:  recruiting.knickerbocker2020@gmail.com for "John" and andrewlivingston.knickerbocker@gmail.com for "emails" instead of corporate email accounts. The phone number is for the area code for San Diego, not New York City where Knickerbocker is located. Had an interview with "Art" through Telegram which only asked generalized photography questions and work experience after which I was offered the job.  Some important photography questions weren't asked (what camera systems I had experience with) and some explanations of the actual work that would be required.  Seemed to quick to hire without further discussion of such matters.
I was hired as quality control inspector and I'M NOT SURE IF THIS COMPANY IS REAL, please help me From: John Kiran Date: Friday, May 20, 2020 at 8:31 AM Subject: Quality Code To: Where 11/20/2020? Hire, Company name: "QUALITYS" Address: 15135 Hamilton Ave, Block C-12, Highland Park, MI 48203 Toll Free: (888) 509-9271 Web: qyshippers.com Position name: Quality Control Inspector Salary: 2800$ per month + bonus 50$ for every pack. Average monthly income 4000$. Employer Identification number: 85-3673056 Video: https://qyshippers.com/video.html All Legal documents of the company on the link below. Please download the documents and send them as copies when needed. Legal source: http://u.pc.cd/yI9 --- Kind regards, Kiran Roydon   HR Department Direct number: (313) 263-6231 QUALITYS 15135 Hamilton Ave, Block C-12, Highland Park, MI 48203 (888) 509-9271 Mon-Sun 09:00AM-06:00PM EST Sat-Sun Closed
I've applied to a job on Linkedin. The company, Wisk, seems real and the staff in the email conversation also confirm the identity of the staff on the Company's Website and Linkedin Page. They have a group photo that corresponds with their photos used on the website. I've then received an email from the company's Head of Sales to schedule an interview with their CEO. Recruiter/ Chief Marketing Officer. I've looked both of them up on Linkedin and it confirmed that they work for him. The interview was via Skype's website and after the interview, they informed me that I was hired. A couple of days passed, I've received a hired letter from me along with Orientation and training instructions. I was also instructed that I will be receiving my home office supplies to set up at home as a service provided by the company's 3rd party vendor. He handed me the instructions and list of office supplies that were to be delivered to me. The owner issued me a check to deposit in order to receive the funds to purchase the office equipment. "Betty" confirmed with me whether that deposit went through and when I confirmed it, she then told me that I will need to issue a farmer's check from my bank in order to pay the vendor, who will be delivering the equipment to my home the day of and will need the payments before delivery can happen and so I can start my training. They wanted to use my name on the paper's record. She provided me the name, bank account number, and routing number I was to deposit the funds to. She then told me that she's working with the vendor to get the equipment shipped the same day. A couple of hours later, she informed me that the delivery was delayed and I started to get suspicious. I've confirmed with someone I know that works for the company that this is a very odd hiring process. She knows the real person I was talking to and warned me that the way "Becky" talks don't sound like the real Becky. She also confirmed that their company doesn't offer stock options as stated on the Employee hired letter I've received. I immediately contacted my bank the same day I've deposited my Cashier's check. They informed me that I will need to go to my branch for help and I went to the bank the next day.
A job was posted on indeed.com, I replied and someone called me for an interview. That person then checked my Facebook account.
 On a freelance site known as Echo, I was looking for my first job. I got a note from a company offering me $35 an hour and said it was associated with Icedge. I looked up the company and it was new, so I contacted this so-called employer, Mason Cameron, via Skype. I filled out his interview questions and was told I got the job. He sent me a contract and told me I would be receiving a check used to buy a laptop computer with software installed. I printed out and made the contract the old-fashioned way, however after I did that he started acting really suspicious. Actually, there were a lot of gaps in the document he sent me which should've been suspicious enough, but I thought to myself, "Nobody's perfect."    Anyway, after I signed it, he didn't really answer me directly in regards to whether or not the document arrived in the mail or the check he mentioned. Getting suspicious, I called the CEO of Icedge in North Carolina asking if this was a deal, and he confirmed it. He even told me he got my letter and sent a reply to it via snail-mail. Thank goodness I didn't give them my bank account, unfortunately they do know my address because of the interview. Please do what you can to stop them! 
I had been seeking virtual employment for marketing, accounting and financial services. This time reached out to me. I immediately called the FBI to verify this legitimacy of this case.
I was granted the opportunity to work from home earning up to $4000 monthly as a quality Inspector. After receiving my packages and sending them out for a full month my portal was disabled saying password didn't match. I have not received a pay check and I'm getting no response to my emails. This is a map.
Here's a big scene that I just uncovered.  relatively sophisticated one too. vphiring.com - has a decent looking website, but as you dig a bit, you find that despite them claiming to have been in business since 1992, the domain was created 24 days ago, and the site has no record of them.  Additionally, the team photos are easily identified as stock photos, and the team members are not found on Linked-In. Here's how the game goes:  You get an email: Hello Dave, I am reaching out to see if you would be interested in exploring new opportunities. I am Executive Secretary of The Hiring Inc. Our client has retained us to fill various senior-level positions in one of their recent acquisitions. I was referred to you by an outside talent hiring firm and based on your previous experience I think you are a very credible candidate. If you are interested in learning more, please reply back to this email with an updated copy of your resume and I will connect you with the person leading this project and schedule an emergency call. Note:  Should have done the research on the firm at this point.  My fail.  Then they send another email: Hello Dave, This email is in response to the resume you've sent to us. I am the team leader on this project and have received your information from Jorge Guerra. I will check my schedule and let you know a few time slots for a brief phone call. We are having trouble relating your resume to our candidate management system. Have you ever had issues with your resume before? There may be an issue with the file, can you please send me another copy so I can try again. You have a professionally written resume. I am not sure what the issue is. got another email (here's where the shit gets going. Hello Dave, We are still having the same issue with your resume. I asked my colleague and apparently, it is a common issue. He instructed me to ask you to check your resume through optimisedresumes.com and see if you can identify and fix the problem. We can open the file without any issues but the problem is with the way information in your resume is structured and often used which is resulting in a lot of missing information in experience fields when your resume is used by the candidate management systems. Please check your resume and try fixing the issue so we don't have to manually type everything in our candidate tracking system. We have a call scheduled with the client on Tuesday next week and I will try to make a brief introduction. I am available for a call anytime on Wednesday next week. Let me know a time that works for you and I will give you a call to discuss the next steps and in the meantime please try to get your resume issue fixed so our timing is not affected. There's nothing odd about my resume.  And he wants me to input data into a site that undoubtedly asks all kinds of personal information and questions. So I do the image searches on the team photos - stock images.  I do the word search - no such company.  I do the domain history - 24 days old.  I look on Linked-in - these people don't exist. Should have done all of that at the beginning.
I have been looking for a remote job online and was hired, or so I thought, by this business. They sent me paperwork, such as ID, ID, and code of conduct. i sent them back the paperwork with all my information. I then was told I would be receiving a check with which I needed to purchase my supplies and equipment needed for the job. I tried to mobile deposit it, and that's when it came back that it was broken. I reached out to the correspondent that was having me check in daily, and feeding me all this info and told him what happened and I have not heard back since. His name was Michael, and he made me install an app called Facebook, through which to communicate with. i also received emails from her bass, which was the one who sent the paper work etc.
I had first came in contact with them back in late or early October. It was a job for a project manager position. I took the first test and passed with a perfect score. They then offered me part time work in the mean time while the testing (which was done weekly) was finished. I was told doing the part time work would help. This company promised a check of $2400 and for completing the testing and up to 5200 for assisting with the part time work. The part time work consisted of purchasing items off a PO paper. The company had me connect their bank account to my credit cards. At first everything worked out fine. I purchased a few items and was able to transfer the funds from the Company bank account to my credit cards with no problem. Once I made the final 2 purchases I was paying them off and now the payments wonn't go through. I tried contact the company but I get no answer back.
Someone contacted me over another message stating that My High Shop was looking for people to promote their products, and that I would be given a discount and free shipping if I purchased in exchange for pictures they could use of my using their product. I ordered one baseball cap for way too much money even with the discount, and was assured that I would received better shipping for having agreed to their deal. A month later, the cap still has not arrived, and when I contacted them for confirmation and a review, I was told my package was still on the way and I had to send it back in order to receive a reply. I had to fight with them over several emails to even get a tracking number for it because I wasn't given a list of any kind after I made my purchase, and when I searched for my package using their tracking, no information was available other than it was still in transit. No tracking history, no current location, not even my proper address was on the page. When I informed them of this and asked for further information regarding the whereabouts of my purchase, I never even got a reply. Don't order from My High Shop, I'm pretty sure it's a big name considering that there were several characters used in the emails they sent me.
I was very hesitant when they said they paid you first for your services, for being a secret spy, who pays you before you do the actual job? So before I went any further I decided to check with the better business bureau to see if they were here, good thing because they are not!
I got an email from this man about employment. The job description seem really. So I applied for the job and I gave them my account and my routing number and after I sent that I show them a picture of where I you ll be able to store the packages that will be sent to me. Once the packages start arriving I followed instructions and was shipping the packages off, I would confirm that the package has been sent and send them a copy and I would also kept the package for my safety. Once it was time for me to get paid no payment was made to my account and from there that is s when I knew it was a deal. So I held the rest of the packages that were sent to me and stop shipping all together.
I got a text two weeks ago asking if I would be interested in placing a label on my car to the Dasani Water Company. In exchange I was told that I would be paid $500.00 a week. I would also have to keep the keys on my car for 6 weeks. I was asked for my name and year and make of my car and my address. Today, I received a USPS Priority Mail Express cardboard envelope in the mail. The packaging and presentation is made to convince any scientist, and they almost had me. Opening the official USPS shipping envelope I found 2 articles inside. First is a letter with directions to follow in order to get my car wrapped. Enclosed with the letter is a check. A  - VERY REAL to  check!  The check is for the amount of $2750.00!  It isn s this time and lord knows I can use this money and the desperation is urging me to throw caution out the window and just believe this is true. At any rate, this check is from Wells Fargo bank and the account holder giving me this money is issued from Maronda,PA @ 11 Riverside Drive  Imperial, CA 15126. There is a phone number in the letter that I'm told to text. (702)625-5750. Text this number to identify myself before double check. My full name, the amount of the check I was sent and the check number I received must all be in the text. I'm told that once I deposit this check $500.00 is my first weeks pay. $50.00 is for gas in my car and the remaining $2200.00 is payment to wrap my car in glass for the water. Now you would think that you would drive to a garage or business and pay while they wrap my car. No. I'm to send a check or wire this money to someone out of the country! The Rule: Once you deposit this check and send the money to the company to wrap your car and you put the $50.00 towards your gas and you spend your first weeks pay of $500.00 your car still won't be wrapped. No one will answer your texts. The only business you will hear from is YOUR BANK. Without knowing you deposited and spent the funds on a bounce/bad check. Now, YOU OWE YOUR BANK $2750.00!! Finally, I looked up the name of the business in the check. Maronda, LLC at 11 Riverside Drive in Imperial PA does exist. But, are not part of this social group. It is a building company. Then I checked Better Business Bureaus site where I read of many cases just like this. Familiar products like Monster Drinks and Dasani Water. None of any texts or emails promising money weekly if you wrap your car in advertisements.
I got a text two weeks ago asking if I would be interested in placing a label on my car to the Dasani Water Company. In exchange I was told that I would be paid $500.00 a week. I would also have to keep the keys on my car for 6 weeks. I was asked for my name and year and make of my car and my address. Today, I received a USPS Priority Mail Express cardboard envelope in the mail. The packaging and presentation is made to convince any scientist, and they almost had me. Opening the official USPS shipping envelope I found 2 articles inside. First is a letter with directions to follow in order to get my car wrapped. Enclosed with the letter is a check. A  - VERY REAL to  check!  The check is for the amount of $2750.00!  It isn s this time and lord knows I can use this money and the desperation is urging me to throw caution out the window and just believe this is true. At any rate, this check is from Wells Fargo bank and the account holder giving me this money is issued from Maronda, IL @ 11 College Drive  Imperial, CA 15126. There is a phone number in the letter that I'm told to text. (702)625-5750. Text this number to identify myself before double check. My full name, the amount of the check I was sent and the check number I received must all be in the text. I'm told that once I deposit this check $500.00 is my first weeks pay. $50.00 is for gas in my car and the remaining $2200.00 is payment to wrap my car in glass for the water. Now you would think that you would drive to a garage or business and pay while they wrap my car. No. I'm to send a check or wire this money to someone out of the country! The Rule: Once you deposit this check and send the money to the company to wrap your car and you put the $50.00 towards your gas and you spend your first weeks pay of $500.00 your car still won't be wrapped. No one will answer your texts. The only business you will hear from is YOUR BANK. Without knowing you deposited and spent the funds on a bounce/bad check. Now, YOU OWE YOUR BANK $2750.00!! Finally, I looked up the name of the business in the check. Maronda, LLC at 11 Riverside Drive in Imperial PA does exist. But, are not part of this social group. It is a building company. Then I checked Better Business Bureaus site where I read of many cases just like this. Familiar products like Monster Drinks and Dasani Water. None of any texts or emails promising money weekly if you wrap your car in advertisements.
Flow Hux is a fraud company, and: Maria Landis is fraud interviewed by her offering my a postal hub operator job, her two other co-workers Fay Hunt is also fraud and Camille in jail. I interviewed by all three they all acted. and I was told that I was going to be on 30 day training and I was using my home address for shipping items addressed to my home address with different names, in the 30 day training process I was instructed to inspect items and ship promptly to a different address to customers that had purchase the items. After my 30 days I was supposed to get a check in the mail on May 30 for the work and at that time I was going to know whether I was considered for permanent job.. Which was not so, automatically I was locked out to their pay system and was not able to communicate with Maria, Faye, Camille to request for my help. With that being said this company is a fraud and the individuals I mentioned on this statement should be brought to justice, I believe they are using other peoples credit cards to purchase items FRAUD!!!!!!! BUYING ITEMS WITH STOLEN CREDIT CARDS, IN THEFT.   DON'T FALL FOR THIS JOB OFFER IF YOU RECEIVED A CALL OR EMAIL FROM INDEED, CARREER BUILDERS OR OTHER EMPLOYEMENT RECRUITMENTS THAT OFFER ANY POSTAL HUB OPERATOR POSITION THESE ARE FRAUD COMPANIES.. ESPECIALLY OFS AND THE TRANSPORTATION THEY ALL IN IT TOGETHER.
This company contacted me via email and said that they found me on a head hunting site. They said that they had a job opportunity as a real estate assistant, and asked if I was interested. I asked questions, like what the position was and questions about their company. They responded, sent me an application and an employee agreement and a job description. I did not sign anything, and asked if I could speak to someone about the job. I called the number provided, it rang, then a busy tone. This happened each time I called. I called them asking someone to call me with more info, and they said they would call the next day. Someone called me today, asking when would be a good time to set up an interview. I said that I had a few questions and needed information. He said his manager would call me the next day (tomorrow) with more info. I looked up the business on it, and nothing. However, I have worked for companies before that went under a different name, so I did some more digging. I called the property owners for 801 acres, and they said that there was a tenant that was there but they had moved out in 2017. So why would a company that made their site last month have an address that they haven't been at since 2017? Also, in the email they sent me, they said that they have offices across the US and Canada. So, why would a company who purchased their site less than a month ago have this sweeping success so soon?.. Their site looks somewhat odd, but for a real estate company I think it's odd to not have any clients. I inspected the page, and they've had this domain for less than a month. There are two properties in the area on the map, but nowhere to click on the property for more info. When I looked up the address for the property, they are actually properties in LA, not Miami. THEN when I reverse image searched one of the photos for the property, IT WAS A PROPERTY ON HOUSE HUNTERS. Could not stop laughing. Anyway, they are supposed to call me tomorrow. Tempted to play along and get more info to report them. Don't know if I should report them to whoever sold them the domain, but I doubt they could do anything about it.
Saw ads on Facebook for secret shopping for a company that was contracted by them to find out if they were still selling the 12 digit gift cards. I received one check in the amount of $2350 11/7 to buy 5 gift cards from Matt for $400 each. Then they sent two more checks two days later for $2450 each to buy 10 gift cards for $400 each. They wanted to know the 12 digits on the gift cards. I provided the digits to a man named Paul Newton. The gift cards were all used except one. I spoke to a man at least in the fraud department who stated that only one card had $200. They froze it and were able to lend me the $200 which I deposited in the bank. I called the police who were not able to help me but I made a report. They called it "theft by deception". You sent me an additional 4 checks. One was from Pink Logistics in CA and another from Anthony Holloway in PA, PA and wanted me to buy more gift cards which I didn't. The bank ended up taking the money out of my savings account which has hurt me financially. These were all made out as father's checks.
On September 24, 2020 my wife received an email from an unknown person by the name Constance Kirby with a foreign email address (faleconosco@mptendas.com.br) offering what appeared to be a legitimate job and she replied positively for the offer. Soon after she received an email from Hubset Premiere under the name Eleonor Cabrera (jobs@premierehubset.com) informing that they had received her application and were reviewing it. He asked three questions and sent more information in this email. Also in this email had the new logo stating that the company had good ratings with the song. Before proceeding we checked with the FBI where I found out that the company did not have the affiliation with me.
Got a job offer on Indeed as a mail officer. They got my ID which has address, date, and so forth. Said they could do direct deposit so they got my bank account number and routing number. My "job" was to receive packages and ship them out via USPS, mail and such. I got a description of the package usually read: "clothes, wallet, car part" i never actually knew what was inside. I had to sign into the website page to see what was coming my way. Couple days ago the site completely went down. 404. And when it came back up it says my log in was never registered with the website and the phone number that has been calling me goes straight to busy tone when I try to call it.
I got a text two weeks ago asking if I would be interested in placing a label on my car to the Dasani Water Company. In exchange I was told that I would be paid $500.00 a week. I would also have to keep the keys on my car for 6 weeks. I was asked for my name and year and make of my car and my address. Today, I received a USPS Priority Mail Express cardboard envelope in the mail. The packaging and presentation is made to convince any scientist, and they almost had me. Opening the official USPS shipping envelope I found 2 articles inside. First is a letter with directions to follow in order to get my car wrapped. Enclosed with the letter is a check. A  - VERY REAL to  check!  The check is for the amount of $2750.00!  It isn s this time and lord knows I can use this money and the desperation is urging me to throw caution out the window and just believe this is true. At any rate, this check is from Wells Fargo bank and the account holder giving me this money is issued from Maronda,PA @ 11 Riverside Drive  Imperial, CA 15126. There is a phone number in the letter that I'm told to text. (702)625-5750. Text this number to identify myself before double check. My full name, the amount of the check I was sent and the check number I received must all be in the text. I'm told that once I deposit this check $500.00 is my first weeks pay. $50.00 is for gas in my car and the remaining $2200.00 is payment to wrap my car in glass for the water. Now you would think that you would drive to a garage or business and pay while they wrap my car. No. I'm to send a check or wire this money to someone out of the country! The Rule: Once you deposit this check and send the money to the company to wrap your car and you put the $50.00 towards your gas and you spend your first weeks pay of $500.00 your car still won't be wrapped. No one will answer your texts. The only business you will hear from is YOUR BANK. Without knowing you deposited and spent the funds on a bounce/bad check. Now, YOU OWE YOUR BANK $2750.00!! Finally, I looked up the name of the business in the check. Maronda, LLC at 11 Riverside Drive in Imperial PA does exist. But, are not part of this social group. It is a building company. Then I checked Better Business Bureaus site where I read of many cases just like this. Familiar products like Monster Drinks and Dasani Water. None of any texts or emails promising money weekly if you wrap your car in advertisements.
I got a text two weeks ago asking if I would be interested in placing a label on my car to the Dasani Water Company. In exchange I was told that I would be paid $500.00 a week. I would also have to keep the keys on my car for 6 weeks. I was asked for my name and year and make of my car and my address. Today, I received a USPS Priority Mail Express cardboard envelope in the mail. The packaging and presentation is made to convince any scientist, and they almost had me. Opening the official USPS shipping envelope I found 2 articles inside. First is a letter with directions to follow in order to get my car wrapped. Enclosed with the letter is a check. A  - VERY REAL to  check!  The check is for the amount of $2750.00!  It isn s this time and lord knows I can use this money and the desperation is urging me to throw caution out the window and just believe this is true. At any rate, this check is from Wells Fargo bank and the account holder giving me this money is issued from Maronda, IL @ 11 College Drive  Imperial, CA 15126. There is a phone number in the letter that I'm told to text. (702)625-5750. Text this number to identify myself before double check. My full name, the amount of the check I was sent and the check number I received must all be in the text. I'm told that once I deposit this check $500.00 is my first weeks pay. $50.00 is for gas in my car and the remaining $2200.00 is payment to wrap my car in glass for the water. Now you would think that you would drive to a garage or business and pay while they wrap my car. No. I'm to send a check or wire this money to someone out of the country! The Rule: Once you deposit this check and send the money to the company to wrap your car and you put the $50.00 towards your gas and you spend your first weeks pay of $500.00 your car still won't be wrapped. No one will answer your texts. The only business you will hear from is YOUR BANK. Without knowing you deposited and spent the funds on a bounce/bad check. Now, YOU OWE YOUR BANK $2750.00!! Finally, I looked up the name of the business in the check. Maronda, LLC at 11 Riverside Drive in Imperial PA does exist. But, are not part of this social group. It is a building company. Then I checked Better Business Bureaus site where I read of many cases just like this. Familiar products like Monster Drinks and Dasani Water. None of any texts or emails promising money weekly if you wrap your car in advertisements.
Flow Hux is a fraud company, and: Maria Landis is fraud interviewed by her offering my a postal hub operator job, her two other co-workers Fay Hunt is also fraud and Camille in jail. I interviewed by all three they all acted. and I was told that I was going to be on 30 day training and I was using my home address for shipping items addressed to my home address with different names, in the 30 day training process I was instructed to inspect items and ship promptly to a different address to customers that had purchase the items. After my 30 days I was supposed to get a check in the mail on May 30 for the work and at that time I was going to know whether I was considered for permanent job.. Which was not so, automatically I was locked out to their pay system and was not able to communicate with Maria, Faye, Camille to request for my help. With that being said this company is a fraud and the individuals I mentioned on this statement should be brought to justice, I believe they are using other peoples credit cards to purchase items FRAUD!!!!!!! BUYING ITEMS WITH STOLEN CREDIT CARDS, IN THEFT.   DON'T FALL FOR THIS JOB OFFER IF YOU RECEIVED A CALL OR EMAIL FROM INDEED, CARREER BUILDERS OR OTHER EMPLOYEMENT RECRUITMENTS THAT OFFER ANY POSTAL HUB OPERATOR POSITION THESE ARE FRAUD COMPANIES.. ESPECIALLY OFS AND THE TRANSPORTATION THEY ALL IN IT TOGETHER.
This company contacted me via email and said that they found me on a head hunting site. They said that they had a job opportunity as a real estate assistant, and asked if I was interested. I asked questions, like what the position was and questions about their company. They responded, sent me an application and an employee agreement and a job description. I did not sign anything, and asked if I could speak to someone about the job. I called the number provided, it rang, then a busy tone. This happened each time I called. I called them asking someone to call me with more info, and they said they would call the next day. Someone called me today, asking when would be a good time to set up an interview. I said that I had a few questions and needed information. He said his manager would call me the next day (tomorrow) with more info. I looked up the business on it, and nothing. However, I have worked for companies before that went under a different name, so I did some more digging. I called the property owners for 801 acres, and they said that there was a tenant that was there but they had moved out in 2017. So why would a company that made their site last month have an address that they haven't been at since 2017? Also, in the email they sent me, they said that they have offices across the US and Canada. So, why would a company who purchased their site less than a month ago have this sweeping success so soon?.. Their site looks somewhat odd, but for a real estate company I think it's odd to not have any clients. I inspected the page, and they've had this domain for less than a month. There are two properties in the area on the map, but nowhere to click on the property for more info. When I looked up the address for the property, they are actually properties in LA, not Miami. THEN when I reverse image searched one of the photos for the property, IT WAS A PROPERTY ON HOUSE HUNTERS. Could not stop laughing. Anyway, they are supposed to call me tomorrow. Tempted to play along and get more info to report them. Don't know if I should report them to whoever sold them the domain, but I doubt they could do anything about it.
Saw ads on Facebook for secret shopping for a company that was contracted by them to find out if they were still selling the 12 digit gift cards. I received one check in the amount of $2350 11/7 to buy 5 gift cards from Matt for $400 each. Then they sent two more checks two days later for $2450 each to buy 10 gift cards for $400 each. They wanted to know the 12 digits on the gift cards. I provided the digits to a man named Paul Newton. The gift cards were all used except one. I spoke to a man at least in the fraud department who stated that only one card had $200. They froze it and were able to lend me the $200 which I deposited in the bank. I called the police who were not able to help me but I made a report. They called it "theft by deception". You sent me an additional 4 checks. One was from Pink Logistics in CA and another from Anthony Holloway in PA, PA and wanted me to buy more gift cards which I didn't. The bank ended up taking the money out of my savings account which has hurt me financially. These were all made out as father's checks.
On September 24, 2020 my wife received an email from an unknown person by the name Constance Kirby with a foreign email address (faleconosco@mptendas.com.br) offering what appeared to be a legitimate job and she replied positively for the offer. Soon after she received an email from Hubset Premiere under the name Eleonor Cabrera (jobs@premierehubset.com) informing that they had received her application and were reviewing it. He asked three questions and sent more information in this email. Also in this email had the new logo stating that the company had good ratings with the song. Before proceeding we checked with the FBI where I found out that the company did not have the affiliation with me.
Got a job offer on Indeed as a mail officer. They got my ID which has address, date, and so forth. Said they could do direct deposit so they got my bank account number and routing number. My "job" was to receive packages and ship them out via USPS, mail and such. I got a description of the package usually read: "clothes, wallet, car part" i never actually knew what was inside. I had to sign into the website page to see what was coming my way. Couple days ago the site completely went down. 404. And when it came back up it says my log in was never registered with the website and the phone number that has been calling me goes straight to busy tone when I try to call it.
I was called by several people from this agency all of who have similar first and last names. They email me with a professional recruiting email stating a job offering related to my career field. In the email, they ask for an updated resume to be sent in order to be considered for the position. I researched the name of the person who also happens to have a Linkedin account which made me believe it was a new company. I submitted my resume by email as stated in the email sent to me, and I had phone calls coming through minutes after the email was sent. When this individual called me, she had a very thick Italian accent and sounded as she was working in some call center which instantly alerted me with red flags. I could not really understand her very well so I hung up. She called me back and asked me if I was interested in the position. I played along and she told me how much the job paid and such. She then told me in order for her to submit my profile to their client she needed my date of birth and social security number. I hung up immediately.  She called me several times after, and even left me messages, sent me a text message, and sent me emails. Which I have proof of. I tried calling back the business line on phone to speak with someone and when I pressed zero for the operator it sent me some lady's cell number. Be very careful, I have no idea what kind of way these people are running but stay away.
I received a text message which seemed to be from Red Bull. It stated hello. Earn $600 a week by putting a small price on your car for Red Bull. The text came from 631-812-7432.  I clicked on a link. I filled out an application form. I provided my name and address.  I then received  Web  application is from Jerome Ave Development Company. 38 East 29th St. 9th Fl. New York, NY  10016.  The phone number on the line is 501-625-6631. I did not pay any money. There was no check in the morning.
I replied to an online posting about a mock interview for little bear survey this past weekend of thanksgiving 2020.  I filled out the survey they had and got a response to do a 30 minute mock interview on them.  On Tuesday December 1st, 2020, i did a 30 minute live interview with two hundred people from the little bear survey company.  The mock trial was asking job interview questions as if you were thinking about a job.  They asked questions like my strengths and weaknesses and how i resolved a job conflict.  At the end, they promised a $20 million reward.  I have not received the letter yet.  Today, I called the 551 phone number to see about the payment.  When I called, the lady I spoke to said she is not affiliated with the company and she doesnot know what I am talking about.  Thus, I feel like I got caught and some of my personal information compromised.  Please investigate this matter.
I received an email for a Quality Control Associate work from home opportunity. They asked for a resume which I sent and told me I would receive a decision in time. I then received an email from him asking me to respond to 3 questions and confirm I was interested in the position. Once that response was sent again, I would receive a response in kind. I then received an offer letter and paper delivery form with instructions to sign and return. Before doing so I conducted an internet search of the company and was directed to what appeared to be a legitimate website. However, when I tried to click on the link for the top rating info posted on the site it was blocked. After going directly to the new website directly I found accounts from others who'd received the same email and had, had their identity stolen. The company allows you to receive payment via Paypal, Western Union  and  MoneyGram if you don't want to provide direct deposit info but I see where one person indicated they had to provide a copy of their photo id which their email did indicate you have to provide to "verify your identity". The phone number listed for the company goes to a recording that only allows you to leave a voice message. You are not able to speak with a live person. In this climate, it is EXTREMELY interesting to see people try to take advantage of those trying to make end meeting while fighting a national agenda. I hope the authorities get involved and stop these people!!!
I was looking for remote jobs on indeed and this company offered part time work for thirty an hour as a representative. I passed the interview. Seemingly so I was told to make a new bank account to where I would be receiving contracts and where  I would be receiving my wages. Very sketch. So then I was asked to put my government ID in their "employee portal". I think it was a attempt at identity theft. Usually they just only have my base information but it's still dangerous and I feel uneasy about it.

I received the email below. This is the third such email, each one using the name of a legitimate company (TTEC, Touchette Regional Hospital, etc.) They offer a remote position after a short interview via chat, not on video or live over phone. They eventually will start asking you about if you have a credit card to purchase materials needed to do your job, which they say will prepare you for. I caught onto this, once they started trusting me to act fast, and also asking for personal banking information. David Smith, 12/3/2020 7:43 AM More actions Dear Job Seekers, Our recruitment team viewed your resume published. Application: Administrative Assistant/ Data Entry/ Accounting/Customer Service/Accounting,IT Manager,,Etc- Full Time/ Part Time) and we are pleased with your qualifications,we believe you have the required qualifications to undergo an online interview..Mr Christopher Tapley ,who would be available to discuss the job detail, pay scale, more info about these positions available Organization Name: The Company! You are required to setup a Gmail account (www.gmail.com) then(Just added the email if you already have one) Download the app from your app store i.e for Smart phone or on SMS. You could download one from the link provided, www.google.com/hangouts to download the app.Once done You then add or Instant message.Or Online chat (christophertapley491@gmail.com ) Only, Just so, you get started with the writing and interview process. Your identification code is # 0813, this would serve as your identification number throughout the online hiring process. Your direct response matters a lot. We look forward to having you on the team. Interview Scheduled : Online. Time: Air Venue: online via Google Page Training is Available Human Resources Your swift and simple matters a lot in this beneficial position. Best Regard :The Company
Hello , I contacted your school friend at  UTSA  I explained that I was looking for  Administrative/Personal Assistant and your email was sent to me, they said you are an honest person. This job is flexible so you can perform the tasks during your spare time outside of school and the position is extremely demanding. Get back to me, with your cell phone number or your personal email for more information. Anderson, Victoria Christensen. and  and  Art collector (910) 773-1476  Text only." This was the message I was sent. I just copied and edited it. It was received on my school e-mail, and when I looked up the e-mail address, it most closely matched a company in New Zealand that didn't have a Victoria or Queen on their list of staff. I forward the e-mail to my advisor and e-mail the project manager at the New Zealand company to let them know a previous employee is potentially using their old work e-mail to help people.
This person contacted me saying they'd reviewed my last.  and I had been shortlisted and would need to interview through Telegram. Upon further research I found this is a joke by people posing as a real company. They used the name James Daches.
I was contacted via text by an individual who identified himself as Robert Harley. He offered me an Entry Level Data Entry position for $26.00 per hour. He encouraged me to download the iTunes App and participate in a "typing/chatting" interview.
A relative was approached via Facebook regarding a remote employment opportunity. I reached out to the reporter and was immediately prompted into an online interview. The interview was conducted by a Twitter account under the name Merry Scott. They wanted to do the interview on The now. The interview consisted of 10 basic questions regarding my availability, info about me, etc. I started noticing very unusual behavior such as arithmetic errors, spelling errors, and company location inconsistencies. I researched the company as this was going on and noticed on their website they had 3 different recruiting locations that differed from what the website had directly told me. When I looked up the addresses listed online they were not at any office or complex building but were all located in parks, trailer parks or isolated houses. Upon further investigation I found an identical website titled Stonelite Services. This website had matching information and identical addresses listed. I questioned the crew about the location inconsistencies and their response was simply "yes due to the problem" which avoided answering my question. I then asked for an exact address of the company they were claiming to work for and received no response. The account they were using to communicate with me is now destroyed. Please be aware of the potential risks going around. The person responsible for this has done this at least twice, and potentially more times. They appear as a casual couple and they don't ask for any personal information. It was only when I started to dig into them that I noticed the inconsistencies.
She will use text messages on them. Stating that the reviewed your resume. The manager tells you that they are the new manager from Biocorps out of Paris France. They offer the equipment and high pay.
I started working for this company from home, re-packaging and shipping items, a couple of weeks ago. I have not been able to get in touch with anyone at the phone numbers I was given and I just don't think it is right.
i went through serious of questioning for over 2 hours offered a job sent document  new hire package  asked for direct pay asked to deposit a check for 2,450 which i tried to verify the check was real turns out it was fake
I received a text message advertising an employment opportunity as a Secret Worker at my local bakery. The text was sent to my phone number ending in  3056, and it was a group (SMS) text to my number and the four preceding phone numbers (i.e.  3052- 3055). The structure of the phone numbers used and two words in the web address and company name caused me to think this was an online game. The company name was spelled Target, not Miller. The web address spelled "evaluation" as 'evaluation.' I don't know if this indicates the player is unfamiliar with English or "similar yet different" terms are used to allow such offers to use such filters.
I received a text message asking if I would be interested in earning extra money from home  as a  local mystery or found  in stores in my area. With each assignment completed, I would receive $300. I agreed, thinking I would contacted for training to be a mystery wrapped around the holiday season. A couple of weeks later I received a check for $2340 and a letter with instructions to deposit the check into my account and take the cash and get 4 deposit cards to load $500 on each. Then go the the stores listed and spend $500 while surveying the stores  about and rate,  if there were any  bad services but  if the attendant was  too rude,  and on a  large scale of 1 to 10 how fast and efficient was the service done. I was to then mail the evaluation report to dennis.ortiz90@icloud.com. Then I was supposed to mail the credit cards to a public address that would be provided to me after the  last survey report request  was received. I was to  also keep the remaining $300 as my payout. And the $15.80 and $24.20 was to be used for gas or transportation to and from these stores. When I looked at the company's name on the check it was a company called  the Associated Developer's Concrete Inc. -  - which had nothing to do with Intouch Insight  or being a mystery company. So I called the bank that the check was from and gave them the account number. Of course this account was NOT valid. The bank's'said  you good job you  for calling us before you deposited this big check into your account. Clearly they were familiar with these types of stuff! I went online and discovered that this shit has been going on for a while. Please believe  anything too good to be true usually is - I just didn't think it would come as a  new job opportunity but  in times like these where people are losing jobs every day  and these monsters are relying on people about s vulnerabilities. It's a damn shame!
 " Employer,  by the name of Robert Smith contacted me for an interview to be a part of the Hopper travel agency. Conducted an interview through WhatsApp and offered me a job and $2000 check to purchase supplies for a remote job. The next day asked if the funds went through and asked if I had at least $1000 to send to the vendor. I then realized it is a loan and called my bank to cancel the deposit. Also let that person know I have been in contact with the better business bureau.
The employment call came for a girl on Facebook that I have talked with before offering a job with me so it sounded interesting. They even had a interview through his app that I had to download. Sounded. well he said I got the job and will be sending me everything I need to get started and a check of 1850.00 through email for software I had to purchase. Would contact me when check was ready. I was to put check in my mobile banking. I have the check in my email. I did my research in the company and it gave me the email address for this company and said if you get an email and it a Gmail address it's a fraud company. The person that I spoke to on Friday is Candy Roof Peterson. I know this is her name I gave her a trailer 5 years ago.
It seemed right. The job interview was done via WhatsApp, and he asked for my bank and address. I didn't give him my Social Security or passport or anything, but it felt odd. I've blocked them now.
Man reached out one of my friends who Informed me about the job opportunity, so I gave it a try. I was given a group meeting opportunity, but it seemed like a recorded video where I was unable to interact with anyone including the speaker. During the  group meeting,  the speaker briefly spoke about a license one would need to have in order to be a Sales Agent, and that it would cost $300 but the company pays for half so I would only need to pay $150. Then began to speak about the load of money We could possibly be making.
Recvd text from 7014331862John Davis SUPER SIDE GROUP.. Your resume was reviewed and you have made it to the next step to be interviewed by the online Brand Manager. Was asked to download the messenger  and add thes 8184735965. I did and read messages from Steven.
I found this job through indeed.com.  I was to get packages in the mail and then I would inspect them.  Take a picture, and spit it out.  I never got paid for the work I did.  I worked for a month. When you call the number I provided here, it goes to a waiting phone call.  If you press zero, it goes to a guy named Mark and it goes to his wife.
Post on Facebook by Nene Woods for a work at home job opening.  I responded.  She gave me the info to contact Robert Watkins. When I did, he interviewed me online.  Hired me and handed me a check to put through my bank and deposit.  From this check for $1250 I was to get 2 gift cards for $500 each from him for the purchase of a computer and keep the remaining $250 as a bonus. I quickly deposited the check, but when I realized it was a loan, I called my bank and advised them.  A hold is on the check in my account. I then contacted Robert Watkins through the email app (which is the way we communicated) and told him the check was on hold and not to contact me again.  He then accused me of stealing his money and told me he was going to report me to the FBI. I also heard from Nene Wolf asking me why I was keeping the check.
I have received several emails and text messages from this so called company. And this us the 2nd time i am met with people saying they are from indeed and they have my resume. I have several other emails and text messages as well. Please look into this, they are targeting vulnerable people who are homeless, homeless with families like myself, desperately seeking employment.
I was reached out to through Indeed after applying to a job listing for an Assistant. They offered me an interview for that day and I accepted. In between the offer for the interview and the time of the interview I tried to find information on the company online so I could be prepared. I couldn't find anything. I was told the website is under construction so I was given a brief highly "technical" summary of the company. I believe he used the words on purpose to convince me so I wouldn't ask too many crazy questions. In hopes that it wasn't a dream, I had my father drive me to the office and stay in the parking lot. I was met in the main reception hall of the office complex and had a very simple interview in the conference room. He did not ask many typical questions and actually tend to stumble on his words. At the end of the interview, he offers me the job and I accept. I was not asked to sign anything, nor would I if I had been asked. He shows me the office we will be working out of and it is being painted and has no furniture or windows. When I came home I was still suspicious so I continued trying to find more evidence of the company. It is not listed on BBB or on the Secretary of State databases. I did not find a Linkedin for either company. I found a Linkedin In for the man who interviewed me and his wife but both were very empty. I sent him a thank you email and asked where I could find more information. He replied with "I'm not sure" and his email did not have a signature at the bottom. I have attached a version of the email correspondence. Happy to provide the other benefits related.
I had several conversations via email and I gave my name and home address.  The mother was due to have a baby and would be getting two dogs on 12/1/20 at which time I would be paid 400 a week.  My school Suffolk County Community College then sent out an emergency alert about the pet-sitting.
I did not fall for this shit, but wanted to report it so that other people don't fall for it. Dear Candidate, Your resume which was reviewed, via (Careerbuilder) has been successfully approved by our IT department and we believe you are qualified for a position with us at Ferring Pharmaceuticals Ltd. Due to your Resume details and work experience, the management has shortlisted you to be one of the eligible candidates that will join our Team. JOB DETAILS :   This position is strictly online and a work from home job position, temporarily before we set up a location in your area, where you will be working from permanently.  This Job position is only available for Candidates who are resident in the United States.   This is a position where you can work from home or anywhere of your choice for now, and anytime that does suit you.   You can choose to work Full time or  Part-time in the  Morning, Afternoon or evening session.   Work  and Training hours are flexible, you can work or Train  as a Full-Time or Part-Time Employee   There is an organized Training Program for hired Applicants.   The Pay rate is $35.50 (USD) per hour and  $19.55 (USD)  during Training hours. AVAILABLE  POSITIONS : You are found qualified for the under-listed positions with us at Ferring Pharmaceuticals The Open positions are: Data Entry, Customer Service, Administrative Assistant, Medical Officer.  You will be open to discuss your options with a Hiring Manager in an interview session. JOB REQUIREMENTS: These are the requirements for the Job...  bull  Must be a U.S. Citizen, Canadian Citizen or authorized to work in the US.  bull  Must be fluent in communication and English.  bull  Must have a clean criminal record.  bull  Must be at least 30 cm average.  bull  Must be 18+ average.  bull ied with Microsoft Word and  Office.  bull  Strong organizational skills.  bull  Possess good written and communication skills. If you meet the above requirements,  you can proceed with a one on one Online Interview via Google Page or Telegram with the hiring manager Mr. Isaac Delphine and Fredrich David who is readily available to proceed with you. Ensure to contact him via local and using his  ID (isaacdelphine568@gmail.com). If you don't have a laptop, kindly have one set up by visiting your Mobile Phone App store, search for "yours", have it installed on your mobile, and sign in using your email address and password.  Once done, send the hiring manager a message using his ID above. He will be available to proceed on tour with you soon. IF YOU DO NOT HAVE A NO APP, you can proceed with Mr. Fredrick David via TELEGRAM using his official Telegram ID (@Fredrick David) or via his Personal Link (https://t.me/Fredrick David) This is your interview authorization code:      , send this code to the Camp Manager as soon as you two get connected on Google Hangouts or Telegram. If you have any questions on how to go about the process kindly send an email to  him at isaacdelphine568@gmail.com To Contact our Hiring Manager Name: Mr. Isaac Delphine Venue: No : (isaacdelphine568@gmail.com) or Telegram: (@Fredrick @) Pay: $35.50/hourly Training: $19.55/ hourly Interview Date: July 1st Date -Thursday 3rd  December  2020 Time: 8 - The Training is Available Your first response matters a lot in this beneficial position. Regards include andis Properties at HR@ferring.com, Info@Ferring.com Tel : +19107164412 Data : +15614732371
This was the message sent to my email (Copy paste) CONGRATULATIONS!!! You are qualified for the advertisement.Your payment will be OUT-SOURCED   to you  directly from theY,  so as to get the order placed on your vehicle/truck list. your first week Payment will be paid out to your address to cover your first week payment of $500  alongside with the specialist fee, you will have it deposited and when the check appears which will be in few minute or 24 hour, you are to deposit your $500 and the rest will be going to the graphics specialist who will be responsible for the Smartiser placement on your vehicle. Also check your name and address as it should be on the check and where your payment should be filed. You are to be checking your email daily for updates, we will also send you the specialist information and instruction via email and text which will guide you on the proceedings for the placement as soon as you receive the first payment. Did you understand?
I was contacted Ted after applying on an application. They ask me to set up an interview online through Google chat app. Then tell me they'll be making me a check to have it deposited and buy my office equipment. When I receive the check it said harvest hope food bank and was signed by race driver Dale Earnhardt. I immediately know what to look for when it comes to these matters but others might not be so acknowledging in these circumstances. this isn't the first time I have come across like this.

My resume is online. I got an email asking if I wanted to be a Mystery Writer from Timothy Buear, Hiring Manager. The a text telling me to expect a FedEx package. When the fire truck arrived, I got a text asking me to go to my email now, which I did. It was a Youtube video telling me how to use a slot machine. In the FedEx envelope was a check written against a bank in FL for $3250.22. He told me to deposit the check, and deposit $700 for myself, and to spend the rest in writing. I called the business, a bond company, whose name was on the check, and they said it wasn't their check number. I called my bank and talked to my favorite lawyer who assured me it was a loan and to get rid of the check. I told him the bank was funny about the check, and wanted to check it out. He said: "What the Hell are you talking about?" I replied Why are you getting upset with me, it's the bank's policy, and I haven't heard from him since. The FedEx package came from the FedEx store in Havre de Grace, MD.
Email received from William Robert: Job Title: 2D  and  ; Artist Company Name: Riot Games Hours: 20-40 per week Job Location: Remote. Pay: $65/hour About Riot Games: Riot Games was founded in 2006 to develop, publish, and support the most player-focused games in the world. In 2009, we released our debut title, League of Legends, to worldwide acclaim. League has gone on to be the most-played video game in the world and a key driver of the explosive growth of soccer. As League enters its second decade, we're continuing to evolve the game while delivering new experiences to players with Teamfight Tactics, Legends of Runeterra, VALORANT, League of Legends: Wild Rift, and multiple work-in-progress titles. We're also expanding the world of theatre through multimedia projects across music, comic books, board games, and the upcoming animated series Arcane. The annual League of Legends World Championship features qualified member teams from 12 international leagues. Worlds is the most widely viewed and followed sports tournament, and it is s among the largest and most popular gaming and sporting events in the world. About the Job: We are looking for a talented 2D  and  3D artist who will work closely with our concept, environment and design teams to create levels that are visually stunning. You can also apply if you don't have any experience as we provide some online training if desired. Responsibilities:-   Draw and adapt 2D and 3D digital models to design requirements.   Illustrate and develop concepts (sketch, drawing, etc.) to support production.   Create in-game 2D assets, following the art style and technical constraints.   Model, or  and  texture, assets and integrate them in game.   Interpret concept art, understand art direction and work within the overall game style.   Collaborate with other artists, photographers and designers.   Provide accurate time estimates for tasks and meet production demands. Experience and Qualifications:   A positive attitude and a commitment to bringing fresh ideas to the team and the game.   1-2 years of experience in the  gaming industry.   Ability to work in a variety of styles   Expert knowledge of Photoshop.   Knowledge of 3D :   Knowledge of animation (2D or 3D) is a plus.   Background in Traditional and Digital Art. Benefits:   Employee discount.   Full health care coverage.   Dental and vision coverage.   1 Match.   Flexible Schedule. For Immediate consideration please follow the steps below to apply: We saw your portfolio on Artstation.com and we would like to have a brief chat with you through our Telegram page for the job interview, you can download Telegram app on your computer or anywhere from the app store,and message Derrick Steven,the sales manager on Telegram through his website (@riotgamesremotejobs) to get started. Interview via text on Telegram: Asked about experience and typical interview questions. Next came the court costs and refusal to send contract proposals. .  The company will provide you with a start-up check this week to enable you buy the above materials along with a new card for work, the software will be installed on the computer and they will come along with your employment paperwork's, and ID card. You will purchase the materials from our accredited software vendor. The vendor will cover for the shipping cost and we do this as a test of trust/ability to follow instructions, as well as so you can know the vendor personally for future purposes. The vendor will install the software updates, patches, perform manual data access and secure data. She will ship everything via FedEx next day delivery. We will issue you a check this week so you can order the equipment above from a selected vendor directly through me, we have been using this vendor for a while now and she is reliable and fast to ship. Once the check funds is available, you are to use the funds to place the orders and follow my instructions on how to get it done. You need to place the orders because all equipment will be stamped in your name with the Company's Logo and shipped to you via ship. Do you understand? We will send you our check copy to print out and deposit via (Mobile check deposit) for the funds to get the equipment to begin work, as we are glad to welcome you for the job. All you need to do is print out the check, sign the back, take a piece of the front and back and send it to the app for deposit. Mobile deposit works great and many of our employees do it. For official documentation we want you to email us your Full name, Address, Cell and home phone, and best contact email so we can register it now as new hire while we get your check ready for mobile deposit. Email it to riotgamesremotejobs@gmail.com.  Note: once I expressed check bouncing concerns to him, a check was never sent. Didn u t think it was a joke until that point because that is a common recruiting platform for people in the art and video game industry. Nothing lost, except my name, number, and my time.
I found this company on Indeed (or they found me, not sure) and got "hired" as a Quality Control Inspector working remote from home. They sent me 3 packages to verify and send back out. I was suppose to get $2800 base and $50 for each package sent. I was owed a total of $2950 from them. When my dad came around I didnot get anything. Notified them the day after as the family fell on a holiday and I still didn't get paid and I have not heard from them. The system they had me using has been disabled and I can no longer log in to see anything. Nobody is responding to my emails regarding my payment. I had a detective come to my home the week before Thanksgiving regarding a cell phone they tracked that came to my home in which I had sent back out. I gave them all the info I could and found out a few days later that this company is a front for drug activity and they used me to help them get away with it! Do not have any contact with this company whatsoever and be aware!
Atlantic Leaders Group LLC hired me to conduct quality inspection of packages given to me, with a monthly salary base payment of $2800 and fines totaling $650. At the end of the 30 days of work, I did not get paid ($3400)and I was unable to use my user name and password to access the chat - dashboard.com site. Contacted south hill area police and found out that the business building has not been in use for over 5 years.
They at first said it was make money driving around with a Pepsi car advertising for them. And you get $550 a week. first week pay in advance. They send you a check for $2950.  They kept waiting to see if I wanted the check. Then they wanted me to keep my $550, and then wanted me to go to a certain bank and send the $2450 left to an agent.
from:	London.The reply-to:	"Hon.From" to: date:	May 30, 2020, 11:09 AM subject:	A work-at-home job signed-by:	aol.com signed-by:	aol.com It's our pleasure to inform you that Merchandise Assistance and Development Group has analyzed your application and is also happy to offer you the Purchasing and purchasing agent status! Merchandise Assistance and Fulfillment INC is a secure and trusted business with many years of productive performance within the industry of shipping and logistics. Functioning as the P  and  F Agent/purchasing And Trading Agent, you'll obtain mandatory goods, record materials as well as packages, take care of packages, assess organization providers, keep information on item prices together with stock. Please be aware, that the following placement provides fast career growth along with a great deal of hope. Personal computer or a notebook with a direct Internet connection is a must. In case you've any questions or need more info about the work itself or this message, please let us know using Elna.Bartle.maf@careerusahub.com
Other email addresses: perdita.herbert@osma-email.com, gabirel.salinas@osma-email.com. So I got an email late on about a position to be a shipping specialist working from home. Before I started, i sent photo of my ID and sent a photo of a filled out ad with my social security number. The duties include: receiving packages, checking packages, logging into a database to report all packages and to accept the task, print out shipping labels, drive to a ups or fed ex to ship out the packages. This is supposed to be a monthly based salary. Pay was supposed to be sent out on 11/26/20. This past week I began to be very skeptical about this job. I decided to look them up on BBB (Better Business Bureau) website. No results were found. Also on Monday, there was a complaint about this exact company that they worked for a whole month and did not receive pay. The person who complained on it stated that they were worried about giving out their ID and SSN. These "friends" keep promising me that i will receive a check, but did not state how the check will be sent or deposited. Today on 11/30/20 I am all-of-a-sudden unable to log in to Facebook because "my password is incorrect". I have used the same password and it is automatically saved to my computer. When I called, the say they will help me, and call back in 10 minutes, but after 30 minutes I call them and the line has been disconnected for the past 4 hours. Accounting, the department, all the departments hardly ever return my phone calls about any issue. I still did not receive any pay and their excuse is that I need to send out the package that was delivered on the 25th. I never received the package and i needed help getting tracking number for the package since I'm suddenly unable to log in to my Facebook account. I addressed this concern to everyone but nobody is returning my calls. They said they would be processed last Friday at 4pm. Today, is Monday and they say that the check will be processed at 4pm est. Apparently I haven't got paid due to the package that was supposed to be delivered to me and shipped out by me. It is the, and nobody from the TRADE has called me back or tried to help me with my concern. Now i believe this employment is a. and I really need your help taking these people down. I provided my ID, address and SSN to them and I'm really worried they will take all my money from my bank account after today.
Well, you're interviewed over the phone. You are assigned 3 members, who you report to and you send orders for packages and for pictures and reports, there is a way for you to log on and receive packages and other material that is supplied. The company itself says they are based out of Europe and are split between the u. S and foreign countries who order products online. But the labels that are downloaded have complete different names than who they were  initially intended for.
This person posted on Facebook Marketplace they were looking for a personal assistant for their small business and that they would pay me $500/weekly. They immediately "hired" me and told me to start posting ads under my own profile on Google and on Facebook Marketplace. The interested individuals watching me said they couldn't believe how cheap this nice home for rent was and they were flooding my mind with interest. I felt it was right and a Google search showed that this is a money making scheme that gets someone like me caught in the process. I deleted the posts and blocked the person on my phone.
Signed up to be secretive.  Received check via fed ex from Davidia from Online Shopper, Inc.  in the amount of $2390.73 with letter of instructions of what to purchase-American Express gift cards from various stores.  I can check on 11212020, purchased gift cards, and report with pictures of gift cards. (should have been 1st clue of team).  Received notice from my bank on 11/25/2020 that a stop pay was placed on the check and the mount plus a fee was deleted from my savings account. On 11/24/2020 I received two more checks.  I have not done anything with them.  Received email with instructions.  The checks were Fed Ex from a David Verespy 15 Rock Road Mall, # 06611.  The contact from "Online Sources" is Lavern Phelps at 313-395-0161.  This is the same contact number on website as well.  The checks are from an iThink Financial bank.
I received an email from a michaeljordan.hrmanager@gmail.com. They were offering me a position for Data Entry. The only thing I have was my name a address. I stopped talking to them. I realized it was a. so I didnot give them any other information. They said the job was work from home, during any time of my choosing. Training pay for 2 weeks was $18/h and $25/h once training was over. If it sounds too good to be true, then it probably is! Everyone please be careful!
A MEDICAL SOLUTIONS Wed, May 30, 6:39 AM Good Morning.I'm Linda Lmbert from Your posted resume on Career builder has been reviewed. You are qualified for an interview for a Data Entry/Administrative Assistant position and the pay is $35 per hour and training is $20 per hour. Please reply with "YES I AM" if you are interested.
Received a fake employment email from someone that looked suspicious, since I don't remember applying to work in Italy. Here is the email: To:(Insert Name Here) Your resume fell under our attention, and we most definitely fancy to know if you are still looking for employment. At present, we are in the thick of expanding our crew and employing more labor force, so one of our job roles might be just an ideal fit for you. Please let us know the day and time favorable for you so that we can call you and tell you more about our plans. Hoping to hear back from you soon! Regards, Linda Benedetti, S.r.l
I reached out through Indeed to this company. The indeed listing was under a different name than the company that contacted me back, which should have been my first red flag, and the hiring process was way too fast than any other company I have applied to before. The company seemed odd to me from the start, as their address was not their warehouse, but rather another companies warehouse. I had assumed they were sharing a warehouse but could not confirm this. This plan was super elaborate and they had a whole website that appeared illegal. Obviously, a lot of money went into this as they had an automated email system, multiple emails under the company name, multiple people working for the firm, different phone numbers under the same area code, websites with proper privacy policy and terms, an employee website made for the work they had assigned to me, and a shipping system that made and sent shipping codes to me to send out packages. My role was a package manager and quality control inspector, I would receive packages from the mail or pick them up from a location and send them out after confirming they were genuine. I assumed this was a very successful drop shipping company and management never received the packages, therefore, I was the middle man for the company to make sure items were the real deal. It seemed a little silly that they were offering so much for a simple task, but they were not asking for money from me, so I hoped it was real. I received a bunch of packages that cost a lot and saw some inconsistencies with what they told me in the training video. I am not sure how they bought these packages, possibly with stolen bank account info. I let it slide and ate up the excuses they gave me, which were reasonable and not far between. The reason why this man got me is that they never asked for money or a loan from me, and made sure I did not have to use money on shipping supplies as well. I did spend a little bit of money but was promised compensation for my expenses. Luckily, I did not pay for a direct payment system so they don't have access to my bank account, but my SS number was compromised from the w-4 form they asked of me. After a month of working for the company, I found myself locked out of my employee account and right when I should have received money for my time there. I have had no contact from the company since then and have accepted the loss, though I will be very involved with trying everything I can to the people who have orchestrated this whole scheme. Very few reviews exist of this company and I am sure they will just change the name of their company to start again. Every time I looked at the creation date of their website or eve their blog profile, the creation date was literally a few days after they contacted me. Which was a massive red flag. Please take down their profile or flag them as a failure, it was a complete waste of a month and I lost out on several other genuine employee opportunities while working for them.


Wow! I applied for this work from home Office Assistant position through Indeed.com. I was contacted via email where they detailed the position and salary. I was sent legitimate PDF paperwork via email, told to fill them out and email them back. They have a legitimate looking website called BigCommerce Quality Control with a phone number that if called, goes to an automated answering machine (which should have been the first red flag) All communication with "the hiring manager" was done only via email. The position was a work from home position where I would be selling packages via FedEx or UPS, I would open and do a quality check and fill out their online form about my findings on each package. Each package inspected and shipped to their customer would be $40. Per week I was receiving about 5-6 packages a week. Each package received was something very expensive such as new apple watches, electronics, high end phones, etc. (This is another reason I thought this was a legitimate company) After a 30 day preparation period I was told I would then be considered for a full time position there. When I would email the manager about pay or packages, I would not get a response. The position promised a vote after 30 days. I stuck to this job for 30 days and on my last day they kicked me out of their fake portal where I was not able to log in anymore to view all my packages or pay. (attached is a picture of their portal they use) There has been no way to get hold of anyone there and they have not responded to any emails. After this happened I came here to try to see if anyone else has been treated in the same way and low and well, yes! This was a complete waste of my time and these people received FREE WORK from me for a whole month. DO NOT ACCEPT WORK FROM THESE ME!
I received an email offering you a job at a shipping service. The company is hiring "agents" to package items and mail them overseas. The position rewards "agents" for their expenses and pay a monthly fine. It sounds like easy money, so you accept the job. Soon, my first assignment arrives. I am asked to ship something - often electronics - to an address domestic or overseas. You send off the items, but your payment never arrives. You've been robbed, and you may have just helped others move illegally obtained goods.
Yes I know someone when on this website. Looking for a work from home job.  Filled out application. This person was told they was hired. They didn't receive any tax forms or nothing.  Told how much she will make. But no forms to fill out. They send a bunch of fake emails you got to go to. To do the trial session.  The email said on Skype. I know nobody used Skype.  The smile was fake. Just want to warn people is all.

I received an email from Diane Woodard on Monday offering a job as a Postal Hub Operator based in my resume online. Two days after I received an email from Maria  and saying that I have a job over that would pay me $3000 a month just to ship in for items from one place to another and that I have to complete a 30 day trial month in order to get paid once my trial was over. I filled out the formal job application step by step online. After the trial I received an email on Thursday, June 5, 2020 at 6:59 PM and Agent  wrote: Thursday, November 05, 2020. Camille Hutchinson / Payroll Dept. I am glad to inform you that you were doing great during your probation and everything to process your problems is settled. If you have any pending packages at the moment, please, take corresponding actions to sort everything out prior the very end of your probation, so it 'n't affect the likelihood of receiving the offer to stay with us on a permanent basis or cause a delay in releasing your payment. Your payment will be processed on your scheduled day, which falls on 11/9 (Mon). I will send you a confirmation once it's been successfully handled along with more details on when to expect it. On Monday I sent an email that I haven't received the check and she replied this: I am sorry to hear that you still haven't received your check. It was filmed on 11/9 from Irvine, CA. No tracking number was provided by USPS regular mail. As of today I didn't receive the check I was never paid and I had to put out a lot of money into shipping, gas and time. I started looking on others and I found they did the same to other people. " This is a way to steal identities and participate in shipping fraud.  Names reported: Maria Landis, Camille Hutchinson, Faye Hunt Phones reported: 424-488-1839 424-488-1830
I was offered a job that I did not apply for and did not get interviewed for.  I was encouraged to send an email by clicking on a link to get more information.  I didn't bother to do so because it sounds like a plan.  But I am pretty sure that if I believed I had a job they would want my social security number and other personal information.
I was contacted Amanda Smith from Hillensquare on 11/18/20, this supposedly luxury real estate company for a position of Realtor Assistant. Amanda stated that they found my resume on a job website but they didn't state what website it was. I looked for the company and found their website www.hillensquare.com. On 11/19/20 I submitted a signed Employment Agreement(Contract) and Confidentiality Agreement with my new Drivers License. On 11/20/20 I was informed that I passed my background check )in less than 24 hours, that should have been a sign). On 11/23/20 I began doing various Real Estate tasks looking for various properties etc. and did so until 11/27/20. On 11/27/20 after doing work tasks, what I assumed was real estate assistant work and promised compensation of $2900 bi-weekly for Amanda Smith from11/23/20-11/27/20 I did further research after having conversations with family and friends who thought this might be a joke. There was absolutely no sign of people displaying what the culture of the company was like and what their accomplishments were and their back story. There was  information about awards won, number of projects completed, number customers happy - all false. I searched for both Hillensquare and Amanda Smith with Hillensquare on  social media outlets or anything that showed some type of advertisement or events. Absolutely nothing was found. I then went to scamadvisor.com/check-website/hillensquare.com and found that the domain had only been in existence since 10/1/20 and that all of the information about the owner/location/etc. about the domain and company were hidden by a tactic of fraud provided by the domain name as NAMECHEAP.com. Hillensquare.com is a fake luxury real estate website. This sounds good I believed, and I signed the contract. But today 11/27/20 after I did my further research I sent a very long email to Amanda Smith who would claimed to be the general manager about my findings along with saying if they were a legitimate company then they should be able to pay me for the 32 hours I had already worked as a show of good faith. They have not responded nor do I expect them to. Do not be a fool like I was, I now will have to watch out for any type of Identity theft because I provided my drivers license and my direct deposit information to them.
I received a phone call from this lady Amina Carman that I was selected for a job opportunity which ended up is an offer. There is not a website or track of this company or.
THE FOLLOWING IN AN AD. WHEN YOU SEND IN YOUR RESUME THEY SEND YOU TO A SITE THAT TELLS YOU TO REGISTER TO USE THEIR "JOB BANK" AND THEY CHARGE YOU FOR IT.   AS THERE ARE ALL KINDS OF "JOBS" ON THEIR SITE: AND   I NOTICED THEIR WEBSITE DESIGNER IS IN?1,MR 25100,alsoR,and 8 The following job is still open for you to send an application. Job Description Title: Chat or Phone Support for Young Mothers with Questions Description: We provide a service for young mothers, who are confronted with the challenges of work or who simply need a listening ear. If you are a good listener, and feel confident in providing support and advice, we could really use your help! We have open positions for both Chat and Phone supporters, so it's your pick. You can even do both, if it fits better with your schedule. Being a parent is a 24/7 job, and it is not always easy. Our national service provides emotional support to these young women, from parents who have raised their own children and understand what they are going through. Both work and training can be done from home. We provide all the necessary training needed to offer the best possible support to the struggling mothers of America.   Salary in our initial 4 week training program is $12/hour, and goes to $16/hour after completed training.   All future training will be at full salary ($16/hour) and may result in higher compensation afterwards.   Schedules are flexible: we have teams calling and checking in at all times of the day. We look forward to hearing from you! Client: Allison Hartley Salary: $16.00 / Hour
They sent my merchandise I don you t know from where I don you t know how and I picked up twice from somewhere and delivered
I have now received 2 email asking if I am ready to accept their job proposal.  I never received an actual job proposal just 2 emails that refer to one they supposedly sent previously.  I am looking for work and on several job listing sites, but I was immediately suspicious of both his emails as they never referred to me by name nor included any company info or contact info.  I copied the company name and got a General Oil in Australia with a different website and no "Bobby Clark".  I checked the company website used in the email address and found it does not exist either.  So I did not respond and today received the exact same email as the first one.  I wonder if he actually found any information from the online job listing at all, since he only appears to have my email address.  But I have worked as an accountant in the oil industry before so I am not sure.  It sure seems that if they had my resume and other more detailed information they would have at least addressed me by name like legitimate executives from companies do.  Since I knew better than to respond once I was sure it was not legitimate I have not lost any money and hopefully it was just cash and they have not accessed my resume from a job listing site.
Received a text message saying that they had received my resume and wanted to know if I was interested in a position with the company.  He told me about the position, asked if I wanted to continue, asked me questions/interviewed me.  He had me switch to Telegram App to communicate with him.   Offered me a position, sent me a letter of employment, asked for my bank info for direct deposit.  Requested that I get the Green Dot APP, Paper Money APP, Cash APP, Zelle.  Sent me pictures of Green Dot card, and Money card to send on the apps.  I did receive the cards in the mail a few days later.  Asked me to go to a local bank and open a checking account with a credit card and online access and send him the info for the account and online access info.  Told me that I would need to pay $720 in cash for a 101G Time meter and sent a list of about 16 cities with locations to go get the time tracked at.  Once I told him what city was closest to me, he sent me an address that when I looked to see what was there was a gas station/bar. When questioned, he told me that there were other business at that address besides the gas station.  He sent me messages through Telegram like non stop.
The same company contacted me for a interview to work a remote position (Marketing manager) once I got hired, I was asked to send personal information, sign a contract and scan my ID. After doing this, they said I had to purchase equipment using my name with a check they were going to send on the mail. Once I received the check, I straight went to the bank where after some time reviewing the check, I was informed that the check I was about to deposit was stolen.
This business reached out to me about a job being a "Quality Control Inspector." I was to be paid $2,800 a month and an extra $50 per package. I contacted the St. Louis law office, which told me this was not a legitimate job offer. BBB found two other websites - expressdeliverys.us and Wishdeliverys.com - that are exactly like Allmond Shippers with Florida addresses.
I was looking into earning some extra cash and I came across a mystery shopper/ survey for cash website.  I filled out a inquiry mainly because it was listed as Whole Foods undercover shopper/ dealer and I received a text message saying that I would be receiving instructions in the mail if I would be interested in earning extra cash.  I had really forgot about the inquiry until I received a priority envelope from USPS, inside was just a letter saying appreciation for your achievement (I'm questioning what achievement) and a list of instructions to perform these tasks of buying Nike gift cards up to $700 worth and a check for $985, which included my service commissions payment of $285 providing that I deposit the check in my account to use the funds to purchase the cards. Plus I would receive a $200 bonus if I completed the tasks in 6 to 12 hours. Plus text 346-262-7106 to say that I received the packet and then after I purchase the cards and evaluate the store, the computer, basically the customer service provided and get these cards scratch them off but keep them for my forthcoming assignment and email that to clarkblake206@gmail.com.  I was suspicious because I never heard of a company sending a check to use, a company card maybe but not a check.  I looked up the address of the return address of the packet sent and it gave me a street view of a apartment complex. The bank that issued the so call check was a real bank and the address was correct but it said in the corner that it was issued by money, suspicious because it would be issued by the bank.  The signature was digital but it was missing a little edge off the end of the name(suspicious) then I looked up the routing number of the check and it didn't match the bank, so I didn't fall for the bank.  Then the person (Blake Clark) constantly kept telling me saying that I should have received my packet and should be getting back and that the email (clarkblake206@gmail.com) was incorrect and that clarkblake206@outlook.com was the correct email address... I text back  to nice try you... I don't put checks from unknown people in my account.
First, I was contacted by email by Anju offering a job of 3100/month. Few weeks later         Davis followed up.         Davis had an accent and our phone interview was very brief. Unfortunately, the website (http://capital-logisticusa.com/) at a glance is convincing and I thought the offer was legitimate. They sent me to a control panel where there was an organized database for messages, tasks, shipping, and packages. At this point it seemed even more legitimate. I figured they wanted to hurry and hire people, so I gave my information including social and a picture of ID with home address. At this point I did feel some doubt, but not enough to stop myself. Later, I had a bad feeling and went digging on the website. I found that the book and Twitter links did not refer to book or Twitter. I called the co founders names R     Garfield and       Steve and found no record of their success. I dropped the name capital logistics and found other new companies with the same name but different website and logo. I came to the conclusion it was a dream. I came here to try and saw another complaint with the same storyline AND with the same name, the f       uss. It seems like her next step will be to set up a banking strategy in order to wipe me out. She doesnot know I know. She will call tomorrow. In the meantime, I put an initial one year fraud alert on my credit and will consider the seven year option later. I am not sure if I will freeze my credit, I probably should. Others are rare.
They send you a 1850 check for "software" and the check doesn't clear .  you pay your bank fees
They offered job with Quest Diagnostics and requested copies of social security number and driver's license and bank check for direct deposit. After I signed your documents I have not heard back about job. Im worried they have all my personal info now. Did I fall for a man?
copy and stole money orders ask to take pitcher of money order then made copies and copied them
Jobs Ads in Careerbuilder, Monster, Indeed for Quality Control Manager, Shipping Clerk, Processing Center Operator, Export Clerk, etc. Received several emails from HR@Ewrix.com advising they selected me due to my resume.  Had a 30 min phone interview, sent me documents to sign via email and website.  After being approved another supposedly Export@ewrix.com contacts me for a meeting and then applies for myself.  Received email from payroll@Ewrix.com asking me to fill out a form tax forms which will include my job# and personal info.  They sent me 11 page contract which states salary of 2700 per month including 100 for gas expenses.  The seal on the contract looks blank.  After telling me they send them via mail after 35 days got me suspicious.  They asked me to purchase a printer and notebook which they would use.  The job is getting boxes sent to my address they would provide labels. After researching both addresses the rental property advised me there is no suite 704 and their private home address is an empty office space.  I found out they also put me registered on their website. I contacted him in Chicago and they told me they have no record with me.  Their phone number is a 800 # that doesnot pickup and my friends and colleagues have received numerous emails from hr@ewrix.com.  They are relying on people... help.
I applied to a translation job on offer by someone posing as an employee of Transperfect. The person had the same name of the real  - person as himself. I was interviewed over  G chat and was offered a job.  I was told that my training would start the next day. I woke up early to start the training and I was told that I needed to buy office supplies, a laptop,  other items needed for the work. The vendor sent two checks and asked me to buy from two different vendors via Zelle. After I sent the money via Zelle I realized that this might have been a trap so I did some research online and found out similar items online... I lost 1700 dollars!!!
I was contacted by this company (Sophia Davis) after they got my information from a job site. I was offered a job receiving packages and re-packing them to ship out. I was to be paid $2800 for thirty days after I signed on for the first two months and $3000 paid bi-weekly beginning the third month. After 30 days I asked when I should expect my pay and was told I would get paid that day (the 13th) during the day by Ms. Davis and when I followed up with her and my 'Supervisor' Peter Graves, I have not heard from them since. Nobody returns an email or a phone call.
received my package in the mail on November 24th, after several text messages back and forth between the company.  Took the check to a local bank to open an account and was told it was stolen and I couldn't open the account with that check.
I was supposed to receive my commission pay on the 20th of June but I did not receive any pay for my work and I did not receive any pay for commission or pay per package. As per the employee agreement I signed I would hope Zooksi is holding up their end of the agreement which is commission pay is 2500 per month plus $40 pay per package and including bonus pay per package. At this moment Zooksi owes me $3,820. I am filing a complaint with the FBI to see if they are able to get my money that I've worked so hard for.
The individual offers an extra offer to employ you to take surveys of data. They ask you to immediately cash the check which has the real name of Rite Aid. Then they ask you to buy gift cards with that money and scan the bar codes. I called the police department and the advised I take the check and report to the bank.
Followed up on a job posting on LinkedIn by a supposed Direct Hiring Manager for United Technologies-very vague job description. He then replied and sent me directions to connect with a person via an app I had to download (Telegraph). A person going by the name Pamela Erickson (listed as employee of Raytheon on LinkedIn profile-which is very well developed enough to believe)-then contacted me to set up an interview on this app. I figured, okay. We have no TEAMs and such..maybe this was used by an Aerospace company internally, as they gave me a secure code to use to get access to Pamela directly. I proceeded to have an interview with Chat only-no video or phone call. I thought this weird as well-but was assured times are changing and to bear with this new process. No detailed personal info requested-just name address and phone. Went through her asking me questions-she put me on hold for ten minutes then made me an offer. All remote work-Data Entry,+ benefits, + sign on bonus and expense check to be filed next day. Would not give direct contact info and will not send internal email from the company system. No loss of money, but name and address and bank name only.
I founded the job on Friday and the person who got in contact with me is a guy named Jason Morgan. the job was basically data entry and delivering said packages to them or ups. I was late for my first three task packages and I received a promotion with the promised of 4000 a month. Also I was already promised 2700 a month before the promotion as an expert salesman. Morgan told me to open 2 corporate accounts with either Chase Bank or Wells Fargo. I went to Chase and the representative that I sat with told me it was fine due to the lack of knowledge of the person he was speaking to me about the accounts and how I got the job. Just now I tried to sign in the user panel and that was provided from the company and couldn't sign in  I tried to call Morgan but no answer.
I had applied for numerous jobs through LinkedIn and was contacted by a company I believed to be Lee Enterprises out of Davenport, Iowa. When the email traffic became heavy, with mistakes and odd word usage, I became suspicious and contacted the Human Resources department at Lee and was informed the people I was communicating with were not employees of the company and it was a joke. I am reading a map of the job posting as it appeared on LinkedIn. I would like to see these individuals prosecuted.
MI-Hitech reached out to me regarding an application (I do no recall filling out) for a project manager position. I'm at a time right now where I am applying for jobs and did not keep track of this inquiry. I admit it was was mistake for not following up with this "application" I submitted, and proceeded to learn more about this company. They explained there was a month training program, which included case models and overall training for the project manager position. They claim to have locations in Italy, Japan, New Jersey, and said they would be opening a Philadelphia location. After my first week of "training" they said asked me to help with equipment development for the new office. I agreed, and asked them to send me all details of the process. Part of the process required me providing my person credit card information where they would "temporarily" transfer corporate funds so I could purchase office equipment. I immediately became skeptical, as a company that has multiple locations is asking someone, who is still undergoing training, to combine corporate funds with my personal funds for office equipment. I am still waiting for them to call me, and the "manager", William Foshee, has not gotten back to me to explain this process more in depth. Please stay away from MI-Hitech, as they cannot be found on the FTC, linked in, or, indeed or even a basic Google search. They only have one website, which does not provide enough confirmation of their existence.
I was reached by text by someone calling themselves Elizabeth Price, she offered me a job through Fenway Capital Partners LLC and proceeded to interview me through the phone. Almost immediately after the  last interview.  I was sent a check to print out and deposit along with a letter of employment. It wasn't until the next day that I realized that it was a lie due to her wanting me to order products before the check even cleared. As a result I locked my bank account and now am reporting this company as a fraud.
I received a text message about learning extra money to wrap my car with Joltys. Was offering $500 weekly to drive with their logo on my vehicle. Only received text messages asking me to confirm several of the text messages. Received about 4 and then the check arrived which was originally suppose to be the 1st week pay of $500 but when check arrived it was for $2980.00. The check was from a Taekwondo Academy in Newington CT. I looked up the company and saw the address on the check was not the one listed on their website. I then put in the address on the check and it said it was a residential single family home. I then looked at the address of where the check was sent from and it was in Los Alamos New Mexico.
I responded to a person in a special group on Facebook, asking if anyone was interested in a work at home job. I asked for more information, and she outlined the details of the job and if I was interested to let her know.  She then told me to download the app Telegram, and call a specific phone number of her supervisor.  I contacted this person via Telegram and was told he was going to conduct an interview.  Still thinking all was good, he asked me several questions and told me to check back in the morning to see if I received the position.  The next day I signed in and was given a report from the hiring authorities telling me I was selected for the position and  all the things that were going to change next.  They were going to send me a computer, a printer, a camera, and a tablet equipped with special software from their vendor.  First I needed to obtain a code and send it to them to be programmed with the appropriate software.  I asked twice if this was it, and was told yes.  I also asked about employment documents and was told it would happen, and I would be meeting my trainer in person after all of the equipment was ready.  This person kept telling me asking if I had the phone yet.  It was at that moment I realized this was a dream.  I actually ordered a phone, but quickly realized what was happening and was able to cancel it. I felt really dumb that I almost fell for this.
offered job without ever speaking in person (used 3rd party platform for chat) was said to send me a check and I would use that check to purchase needed equipment through a specific website. I never signed or shared my personal information besides home address. I did not purchase equipment. waited for check to clear first. all communication then ceased.
This company Career Growth/Symphony Solutions/LinkedInCareerGrowth will guarantee 30 day services on resume writing to find a new career. It's a money grab, and they send you a resume that was written by a non English speaking person and it's basically what was provided to them. It's ridiculous what you receive, if you receive anything back. STAY FAR, FAR AWAY FROM THIS COMPANY AND ANYTHING RAN BY SAM OKE.
VACANCY Cadbury will pay you 400 weekly for driving around with our Cadbury car on your Car/Truck/Van/Suv. - p The car is very easy to remove without damaging your Car/Truck/Van/Suv paint..  This will make Car/Truck/Van/Suv owners side income while driving your normal vehicle, and its a marketing tools, no license is required. you will be getting (400 weekly).kindly apply with the following informationFull address including street name ID #, city, state  and , code/Truck/Van/Bus modelOccupationPhone number. Thanks
Claiming to be Glenn Elwood and wants to hire you for a work at home position  with Cintas. Then they send you checks to deposit account for equipment setup. The 1st is FedEx to you the rest time. You mobile deposit which I have never done but due to covid-19, I said ok. Once you deposit the 1st one is on hold, the ones to follow are immediately available and they have you send them to a street vendor. I kept record of everything because I have never worked from home and never made these sort of transactions. Again due to covid-19 companies are doing business differently that is how I got inspired by these things to begin with. They will ask you to download an app called Help to communicate with you, but you can't call.
I got a text from someone saying I had been selected to receive payment for having a McDonald's logo on my car..  Then they sent a check to me for $2,950.
On their Facebook page you can apply to be a mystery hunter. I applied. a few weeks later I received a priority labelled package. In it I received a detailed instructions paper along with a cash check from Andover bank. I must deposit the last check and buy gift cards and send a report on the service I received. The way they detailed the assignment  to make it seem very genuine. The check however was a fraud check so even after receiving it and it showed up as deposited weeks after when the bank finds it as fraud u have to pay back every cent. Luckily for me after writing it my friend looked at the check and saw that the key code for the bank was in correct. everything was exactly as the Andover branch in Ohio except for the last 2 digits of the ZIP code. this is a time where a lot of people are desperate for work and I would not like for any one to be killed.
I applied for a position with Google on Indeed.com.  I was contacted via email by a Lindsay Cowan that they were interested and set up an interview via their streaming service "Wire".  I went though an interview via text and was told that I was accepted for the position.  I was sent a job offer and the company code of conduct.  I then gave notice to my current job as I was to quickly start the hiring process.  I was put in contact with my team leader named, Christopher Miller.  During the "shopping process"  I was asked to purchase a new telephone and GPS as well as a service plan through Amazon to be my dedicated business phone line.  I ordered the devices sold with the promise of payment via a check to cover all start up costs.  Once I received the device I was told I should then mail them to one of their technicians to install the appropriate software for the job.  I was again asked to pay the cost and to overnight the delivery.  At this point I grew increasingly uncomfortable with the validity of the job and asked to speak to someone in person before I agreed to mail out the devices I was given a phone number (201) 987-5091.  When I called it was clear the person on the other line was presenting himself as Christopher Miller.  At that time I stopped communication and have since contacted her to return the devices and cancel service.  I have already given notice of my leaving to my former employer so I am now without any job.
So i thought the job was real i was delivering packages and receiving them turns out it's a deal even though i did receive the items i won't be getting paid and the company is not real!!!
Back on 10/8/2020, I received a call from  [UNK] KAUSTUV [UNK] Singh,  in regards to an Operations manager role. He stated he was a head hunter who saw my resume on LinkDin and wanted to outreach. That never fell through, and he called me back the following month. I've spoke. To several individuals for  two interviews,  and something isn't right. I'm getting correspondence at 2 and 4 am, I was schedule for a Microsoft meeting and they called my phone instead. The emails I'm receiving are politically incorrect.
I was promised pay to work as a Logistics manager $31,000 to inspect and ship packages from my house. after about a month the clock came around and suddenly there was no packages and no payment. I didn't lose anything except time, but I am pretty sure they might have used stolen money because of all the different names on the packages and how high value the items were.
Received a job offer to receive packages and receive packages and have not been paid.

This company contacted my friend by email with a position as a local "Postal Hub Operator" from his resume being posted on indeed. He received items to review for damage, take pictures, and repair within 1-2 business days. Some of these are expensive items like radios and laptop. After a 30 day probation period, he was told he will be reinstated and considered for full time within 10 business days. My friend completed the probation period and was never late on shipping an item. He spent money on a new printer, paper, ink, packing tape and gas to take items to FedEx and UPS. First place was "lost" by USPS. Per their "contract" with USPS, they cannot ship faster than 7-10 business days. Second check supposedly shipped and still after 7 business days not received. He contacts me regarding the check and if he will be full time, and they give him the run-around. These are the names of the singers: Maria Landis, Faye Hunt, and Camille Hutchison.

They called me about a job offer for receiving and sending packages and I thought it was that so I accepted it. They had a fake business license. Multiple emails and phone numbers set up. They even had a website to see your orders and stuff from. The emails are a.scott@ewrix.com also payroll@ewrix.com  and hr@ewrix.com. the website that they used to see orders was http://url719.ewrix.com/ls/click?upn=7tj84g4-2B-2Fa9dSuGTftHNobjw7xbFP6lITqXKul8yu-2FFtURO1R7O4gqWGopZ0ry3EbvpE xxAoLhAhtcHLpzoert8wLS5THZ8UUpIZWyz9jzCQEbwP9DULkjYkBRtuifiunqdX18sF0qKsU1KfbTAHDfO7Rp5EF2PYUB2yXFCqpeWE0njV4EqbXWe5NL-2BUJlst66trV8tKFgloWXw6zjeeNQ-2Fe67t0XP2FVz6NcgAUHi2n0XiuoiUjdbnh1w-2FFDG9PKfQIt16tKT-2BKkmpIFu-2BBvRQSSdmnQUrDEatpSA61ssrRnF4-3 They had multiple numbers but none of them ever answered they always rang and had messages saying please hold someone will be with you soon and then send you to jail. You could only speak to them if they heard you. chris.musson@virginmedia.com and landen1a4o8ukl2e8@outlook.com were the originally names which I just noticed right now.
I worked for this company starting September 2nd. I was paid a total of $120 during my 30 day trial period. I reached out to the company in court and advised them that I did not get a check and was told that my probation period ended October 2nd and I would not be getting paid monthly. I should have received a check on November 2nd. I was suppose to be paid $40 per package that I inspected and sent to be delivered. I inspected a total of 17 packages in the month of October and should have been paid $680. I called her and my inspector supervisor and no one responded or contacted me.
11/21/20 in the middle of the night I'' d the following text message: Borte Inc.  is currently in contract with selling and accepting applications for qualified individuals for a shopping survey. This project happens each week, so we need to choose Shoppers to work as a store manager. You will get $500 on each assignment. All Assignment requires 20-30 minutes of time at the store in addition to time to review your post-visit reports. CLICK THE LINK BELOW TO PROCESS YOUR APPLICATION: https://osoriochongmiguel.wixsite.com/walmart
DBO Courier LLC claimed to pay $3,000 a month for being a foreign agent after checking my resume Indeed.com.  My contact was with James and was later working with her. I wasn't required to fill out an employment application until after my 30 promotional period, but I did provide my name and self-photo as they required. Within a week electronic products (Dyson vacuum, ear plug, Mac Books, Apple, Oculus) were added to my home and I was to photograph incoming shipping labels, open item and photograph ID numbers, placed new shipping label and website. I picked up an iPhone purchased in my name to ship. I believe DBO Courier has had other agents purchase these items and mail them to me while I shipped them out.  Funny thing is I checked the company name for fraud and nothing came up and their website referred back to me to review to show they were right and none of this information was initially here for me to find. I was never paid for the service I done and the company kicked me out of the website and stopped answering my phone calls too.
I was hired through LinkedIn to do a video shoot for NewBeauty magazine. I was given a 7,000 monthly check to make it happen and send money to a talent agency. Once money was sent to talent agency I have lost all communication with the individual. The check came up soon after the money was sent to agent.
Followed a link on Facebook. Was told to download the entire app. After I followed the link I started talking to a few EMT. Who told me about this job position I was not qualified for but he insisted I would be trained and it would be fine. When I asked him for contact information and the name of his company he said it would be provided but I needed to hurry and answer some questions for the rest of the interview.  I told him it was not ok and believed this was a dream.
Supposedly my staff, associate, manager, supervisor and team leader got in touch with me through email and via phone.  They said they got my information from an employment recruiting agency I applied before.  They looked like very well until my kids alerted me of such re-packing/shipping plans.
Received a text from an unknown number, "Hello good day... I believe this is  my name?". I asked who it was, and they responded, "I'm Ms. Lillian Calloway from the company Crown Group Limited  I'm calling you in respect of your resume posted online for  Administrative Assistant Job. Kindly reply back if you are available for the next step?" I had a bad feeling and responded that I was currently unavailable, and got one last message asking me to download a third party email app to continue. Knew it seemed so, came to town to report and saw two similar reports in other states.
Saw a job posted on the job site here,  https://www.upwork.com/jobs/~01a99c30e7096052cf  and said to contact them on the email service Signal. After a few weeks of graphic design work for their so-called business' branding, they asked me to send information to open a mail file to send my payment check. Asked for my Social Security Number, a picture of my ID, and my house address. When the check came and I tried to cash it at the bank the check was canceled due to it being linked to a closed checking account and have yet to hear from them since.
I applied for a job on CareerBuilder and they contacted me back had a interview over the internet and got hired. Had to take assessment test and I passed then they said okay we're sending you the bonus sign on check and the funds to buy your computer equipment with and then had their tech vendor come to my house once I purchased the computer equipment so I could work from home. The were supposed to do the check and I have a copy of the tracking information. But they sent it to an old address of mine where I don't live anymore and haven't for many years. But my second husband lives at now Z       Hall Jr. I reported that the check was sent to the wrong address and told them if they don't show me proof of their federal business number to prove they're a real business. But after I requested that information they stop calling me. They have a copy of my MD state ID and SSC and a old medical bill.

Hello, I'm not sure if it's a game, but it seems real. Through Career Builder, I received an invite to as group employment interview on Zoom. The CEO, Mo Ahmed, claimed that his business started in the UK and expanded to the US and Canada, and has offices in London and Rochester, The email for the CEO doesn't have the company name (DWF-HQ) in it (his email=moahmed8@icloud.com). He claimed to have clients such as Spectrum and the NYPD. Yet outside of the above website, I cannot find anything about them on the internet. The website is very generic and does not list any officers, locations, or clients. I have a fellow up interview coming up and the person's email is email, not "f-i". This may be it, but it doesn't seem so to me. Since they have the applicants' names, they have our names, addresses, email, work history, and phone numbers. As stated above, I am not positive it is a game, but would appreciate knowing either way.
We had two calls come in about a job opening. we have no job openings asked the individual to pass along the email they are using three companies info to target people. I am an owner at best. see below for the content of the email from applicants forward.                                          Here is the last email. Also please email me with my Gmail email rather than my iCloud email. Thank you. That will be this email I am sending you currently. ---------- More message --------- From: Pamela Dixon from SEKO Logistics Boise Date: Thu, Nov 19, 2020 at 9:01 AM Subject: Re: Indeed:               Has applied for Delivery Associate /Route Driver for Amazon Weekly Bonus $ 500-ID To:                                          ,  Thank you for your interest in our open job and Congratulations You Are Qualified for this position. Great company with great Pay: From $20.00 per hour.  Dependable and gifted  Computer skills  Filing etc  Candidates will be ask for background record. Follow the procedure to check your criminal record please submit your Criminal/report  at  PeopleFindersRecords.us ,  because Appointments will not be given unless you submit them and once verified send me a picture of the report and we will set a time for an interview within the next 6 business days. Thank you and have a Blessed Day, Next Steps Respond by reply directly to this email No longer interested? Close your application for this job. From SEKO Logistics Boise regarding your Delivery Associate /Route Driver for Amazon Weekly Bonus $ 500-ID application Suspect fraud or fraud? Report this message to Indeed By email or using an indeedemail.com email address, you agree that this email will be processed and analyzed according to the Indeed Cookie Policy, Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service.
I received an email asking to set up an interview as soon as possible, and I assumed I had applied for the job (as I am currently job hunting using multiple job boards) so I went ahead and did the interview. It was via the hang out but told me their video was messed up and proceeded to to the interview via the Google chat. I immediately knew something was off but proceeded to do the interview anyway, but made sure I didn't give anything to identifying away just in case it was a trap. The job description fit what I was looking for exactly so while I wasn't 100% percent sure if it was credible or not and I didn't want to ruin opportunity in case it was real. The interview goes on and at end up offering me the job, and they tell me to check in with them the next day and that they were going to send me money to get supplies that I would need for the job. At this point I knew it was a shame as any credible employer wound send any materials required, not send a check and hope the employee purchases the items. The next day a check arrives and it's a little bit under $5000, and the name at the top of the check says Norrick Petroleum, not Oil. At this point I acted as if I had deposited the check (they did ask for the confirmation number) and I said bank placed the check and froze my account for reckless behavior. This is when the individual stops pretending, saying that I'm a liar and to stop joking, and eventually stops bringing me back all together. The names used in this case were Erickson Derek and Michael Simmons. The email addresses used were ericksonderek1.hiringdesk@gmail.com, michealsim123.hiringoffice@gmail.com, and patrickjames.hiringoffice@gmail.com (the email used to set up the interview).
I was sent an email from hiring@premierehubset.com They offered me a work from home job as a Quality Control Associate making $40 per package I receive, after I inspect it and re-label (replace the shipping label that they send me which I'm sure the name and address doesn't match the first label) and send it out via UPS or FedEx etc. I would be paid monthly to my bank account so direct deposit (what they don't know is I only use Pre-paid credit cards for anything like this so I can't be asked for any money). I would be receiving on average around 134 package a month once my probation period was over which was only 30 days. They didn't ask me for much information however just my name, address, and bank information for direct deposit, which like I said I gave them a pre-paid credit card account number. They haven't given me much information on how to contact them other then the supervisor who sent the email and phone number which I've traced to Miami, Florida. I have their email address: career@premierehubset.com and phone number is (813) 531-8773 and her name is supposedly Eleanor Cabrera (hiring@premierehubset.com
I was looking for Work-From-Home Jobs and I received a text message saying that I can earn 2400 a month if the can wrap my vehicle in with their advertisement. They said that they would send me my first month check. Which they did. And once I receive the check I should give them a call and someone will come out and place the advertisement on my car. Which no one ever showed up. They started requesting money from and that I should follow the directions on the later on how to send the money. After putting the check in my car they wanted me send 1800 and keep 600 for myself. After the 1800 was sent I received a called from my bank telling me that the check had bounced. I explained my situation to the person that sent that the check and requested 500 more dollars of the money he sent. Once he finally understood that the check bounced he never answered anymore text or emails.
It was for employment for working as a secret so the owner sent me a check and wanted me to deposit the check he sent into my bank account and then go to my nearest postal store and evaluate the Postal Store. They also wanted me to see how long it took to get service regardless of the attendant customer service professionalism.

The manager contacted me through LinkedIn Job Alerts for people looking for jobs. This job was for a work at home position. The interview was online question then the training will be on Zoom or Space. I have been through this before with other companies. I wanted this to be known because once you go through the question process they will request banking information or send you a check via email or some other delivery service. They want you to put that check in your account so that you can purchase the equipment that you will need for the job. Actually the check is full. They will get into your account and drain it and you are stuck with trying to pay it back or your account will be emptied it you have any funds in it.
I was suppose to get paid monthly my job was to have packages check and make sure nothing was damaged and send pictures to the website and mail them to the post office. I have the pictures and copies of the conversation as well as the email conversations. I was suppose to receive a bonus and never regret it. My cousin was also a victim she was suppose to get paid and the day she was toldna get paid they blocked her account and her number when she tried to reach her employer.
Received an email from indeed.com that Berkeley LLC would like me to complete the application process. Applied on company website: Berkeley-coloration.com/careers.. Phone interview came next. Completed an employment contract, submitted data, and direct deposit information to him.. Transferred to my manager, who instructed me to download some accounts, then create a coin bank account where they would deposit money to do training.. Once my training was completed I would be transferred to use their accounts for buying of Bitcoin.
I figured it was to have to be true.  They offered $32 dollars an hour for a customer service position
They want mystery shops and sends you check that does not even come close to what they are asking you to purchase.  Check for 1960.00 and I was to purchase a $30 item 2 $400 dollar gift cards and 2 $800 dollar gift cards.  Then send pictures of the gift cards front and back.  So it would be close to $500 out of my pocket.  Definitely a.
The  holding company also  claimed to pay $3,000 a month for being a foreign agent. Products was moved to my home and I was told to re package the product then ship it to a overseas address.I also picked up products from Best Buy to be shipped to overseas address. I was required to fill out a employment application which asked for personal information such as my social security number. I was never paid for the service I done and the company kicked me out of the website and stopped answering my phone calls
Thiss. To good to be true. Promised high pay for little work. Supposed position was quality control inspector where one would review products and be the "middle man". They said their business was providing mail to consumers who could not receive mail from large companies going out of the country. Looks like a marketing ship after further research. Their "pay structure" is $2800 a month and a $50 bonus for each package that was sent on time.
 This person approached me to be a secret lover. First assignment was to go to Best Buy and purchase $2000 in gift cards. Then he told me to send him the PIN numbers so he could pay me back. He didn't have any interest in the survey report I was ready to issue. More I talked to him it was clear this was a gift card deal. Frankly he was not very smart.    -    - NOTE-. According to information provided by Confero, their name is being used to try to reach consumers using a fake check card. Confero does not ever issue checks to mystery workers and they don't shop western union or country. Read more here https://www.conferoinc.com/shoppers-center/consumer-alerts/ 
I was on assignment looking for a security job and I first met him in Manhattan on 1216 Broadway because he said the office is being built and then the following week I went to This place which seemed like a office in Brooklyn I was invited by this so called manager  The one I first met in Manhattan he took my social my picture ID and a actual picture including my blood test and it seemed pretty. but I now know it's not the number he gave me is no longer in use he said he worked with the Security Academy of New York and ask for a payment of exactly 164 for the uniforms.

I fill out a job application for customer service through a  third party site. Like get a job. But when I got to website. wrrk.com. It don't sound right. So I didn't finish the application. I never heard of them before.
This company I found through indeed a employment website the company called themselves the Berdard  electronic merchant organization they say I was hired for quality control services for products that was going to be moved to my home I filled out app i sent in place of my state Identification now i found out this is a name they sent a training video so I have proof of this fake company that stole my info and identity most likely to commit fraud I'm pissed I feel extremely violated and vulnerable they have my address saying they were going to mail products for me to test and re package and ship them for 2000 a month this is a shame please have somebody to contact me if this ad was on indeed I went to search for it on indeed but couldn't find it but I have the fake emails the fake training video for my proof also the fake address and phone number
A company called General exists with an address listed as 17197 North Laurel Park Drive, Detroit, MI 48152. Website: http://innsbrooklogi.com Phone: 906-368-4005. Email: heather.davis@innsbrooklogi.com. This company reached out to me by phone, indicating they found my resume on Indeed and would like to discuss a job opportunity with me. After training with the company and working directly with a reporter by the name of  Heather Davis, I was offered a position as a Supply Chain Operations Manager. I was advised to complete an I-9 and to use my Ohio Driver's License, along with my Social Security Card. I did so, under the impression this was a remote position that inspected mostly clothing packages for defects. However, approximately two weeks later I received an email from Heather Davis with instructions to print the attached documents, and to go open a business checking account from either Wells Fargo Bank, Bank of America, or a Chase Bank. When I opened the documents, I realized one of the documents was a "State of Ohio Certificate" for a company in my name for a Domestic for Profit LLC - Articles of ORG, that I did NOT recognize. The second document was a letter from the IRS Department of Treasury, Internal Revenue Service stating an "Employer Identification Number" has been assigned to me, again in my name, again of which, I did not recognize. I have taken all perspective critical measures to prevent both Business Identity Theft, as well as personal Identity Theft. Please ensure to make "Jobs!"!!!
An individual reached out to our office after receiving an email to interview for a data entry position from Microsoft. The caller while meeting one of our staff conducted an interview on Skype and offered the position.
I saw an add for a plant that was opening up here in town and sent in my resume.  I was contacted by email and then by text when I didn't respond quick enough to the email by someone who claimed to be an ITr.  They had me download a new app called Hello. I then had a "interview" where they asked me the following questions: Are you currently employed? What carrier network do you operate with? If given a choice, would you rather manage or be managed? What do you understand by the terms ''Privacy'' and ''Code of Conduct''? What is your last job Income? What are you most proud of? I was approved for the position shortly after answering those questions and was told I would receive an e-mail with the job acceptance letter and a blank page to fill out. Following this I asked when I would be starting so I could give my current job notice due to a time frame conflict of when I had to log on and my schedule at my current job and he didn't give me a straight answer. He would only say "Yes that is not a problem, You will be undergoing a week of training and orientation which will commence as soon as you have all the working materials and you are rest assured that you will be paid for it. Okay" They then asked me whether I wanted to be paid weekly or bi-weekly and what bank I used.  He Then went on to say the following "I need you to provide me with the following information correctly: Full name: Address: City: State: Name: Cell: To enable my secretary enter them into the Company's Register for proper documentation. It is also required by the Accounting Department for the filing of the check. Some of the information will also appear on your job offer letter which will be sent to you first thing tomorrow morning." Now granted I understand that it is normally something that is confirmed during an acceptance but I was a bit skeptical and that's when I found someone had already reported them once before. I responded with "I mean no offense but all of that information is on my resume. With everything going these days, I am hesitate to enter too much personal information about myself." To which he responded with "Yes we have your details on your resume but we need to confirm from you." I have made no further contact with this individual.
I'm 76 years old. I received a check and a letter in the US Mail to be a mystery solved. The check was for $2515. I was to deposit it into my account, and buy 4 gift cards at CVS  and  Target for $500 each. I didn't want to. I returned the package to: Angelina C                     , Atlanta, GA          .
 I was contacted by text message from Alexandra Johnson with (Terna Group) on 11/8/2020 asking if I was interested in Customer Service position.  I said no, I am looking for Manager position.  She stated this is for a General Manager position.  I told her I was interested and would like to proceed.  She sent me a link via whats app and scheduled interview for Monday, 11/9/2020 at noon.  On Monday she contacted me at home and asked if I uploaded the whats app to my phone.  I stated yes and we are good to go at that.  She asked me to send a message with my name to 332-205-7904.  I did and was contacted by Tejinder Riggs who proceeded with an interview and she stated this was for a data entry clerk.  At this point I was skeptical.  I was informed of the job description and benefits and the pay would be $35 an hour and I can work part time or full time.     Too good to be true.  I was informed they would send me a check for $1900 for a laptop and printer/printer.  I could download online banking app to my phone.  He stated I would be contacted by the accounting manager with an offer letter.  I was sent an email from Margaret Robertson.  I informed him that I had some concerns and would like to speak to my husband and let them know on Tuesday.  He was fine with that.  They did send me and offer letter and check via email in which I have copies of and a PDF file of the whole interview on whats app.  I was never contacted the next day nor did I contact them. 
I applied for a job on indeed.com. I was offered a job without a meeting. They stated they couldnot call me. Then i was texted and sent emails with this information below: "Please be informed that a donation check of $1495 will be coming your way on Tuesday. This check is payment towards the construction going on at the office.  I will inform you of details of tasks that I need taken care of with the check which includes, (Pricing out items, I have pending bills, flights going back to the states / Hotel reservation). All these things will be done by you next week prior to my arrival and I shall be paying $950 as said above for these goods and services". Then a fake check made out to me was sent to my HOME! This is terrifying! They wanted me to deposit it in my bank then take more steps? Absolutely not! Stay away from these people and don't get scared!
They want you to purchase 2 cards from them and deposit a check for $2,450 onto them. Afterwards, take a set of both cards, send the "supervisor" the photos,  withdraw $450 for wages, and fill out a listing on payment.
I received an email addressed to me stating  that I am a Manager,  and my contact information was given to her by the company's / managers. Included were the's with job description, q and a, how to apply, and wanting financial information for sending for payments. It sounded to me like a company starting to supply products for e-commerce businesses. There are too many red flags, so I think it should be checked out.
I was on indeed looking for employment and I applied through a company called DEX Imaging 10/08/2020 which in located in Texas. I was then contacted first by a James Patterson who then after a week was "replaced" by an "Ashley Williams". She would call to let me know of packages coming in through UPS, FedEx, or USPS. I would have to take the items out and take pictures of the items and then send them to her through the "TheG" website. She would then print "shipping labels" which I kept all of this. I would purchase these items and send them through FedEx services to be shipped to the address on the label. When I was "hired" I was told that I would get paid $3000 the first month and then regularly each week every day after that. My month was up and I never got paid. I texted and texted and nothing and when I said that I was going to report them and send everything that I had, I could no longer log into the account.
I Received Several Personal E-mail, From My Online Profile Account.  It Made Big Claims About Resume Business Leaders, And Employment Interviews For Fast Hiring.  This agency wrote About All Kinds Of Proof Of So Many Big Solutions To Major Top Employers  and  Business Connections.  After Three Months, Of The Hell, I Decided To Pay 187.00 By Credit Card, To Try This Service.  That Was On, October 22,2020.  I Have Heard Nothing /from Them.  Not Even A Welcome E-mail Response To My payment.  I Have Sent Them Eight Annual Requests, Starting on December 6, 2020...By E-mail On Their Website.  I Have Called The 877 468-8119 Number. For A Good Request.  Somebody Takes All Of My Information, And Promises To Give Them The Message....All Of This Still Has A Zero Response.  I Am Involved In A Game For Sure.  I Want My 187.00 Back Now...!!! I Am Searching For A Position, Since March 2020.  PLEASE HELP ME BBB, THIS IS SO UNFAIR...TERRIBLE....!!!.
Exyte Inc has employed me for email  and  even had me fill out a W-4 and the usual process of a real job. I was to take on the roll of cards. I was sent a check of $5000 to be put into my bank account (which i opened to deposit said check) Which was a chase account. Then i was told by my Human Resources manager to take these funds out of my bank and send them through USPS to someone in Iowa for training materials. I followed directions and then i was sent a check by the company and was told to write a check for $8000 and have it sent as well for training materials. I wrote the check which came from the employer and the checks bank was Key Bank. Now the $8000 check was returned and chase is about to close my account. The Human resource manager has no clue what to do and is now saying that I have to come up w the funds to pay for my training materials. THIS IS A SCAM
Despite me saying they received my resume and shortlisted me to interview on site, interviewed for 3 hours  once I got the "job" I was told they would send a check for work materials computer and software
I went on Indeed.com to apply for a non-paid driving position.  After filling out the application,  about a day later I received an email from someone name Marisha. She sent a link in the email and said to choose a day and time for a 20 minute interview.  I did that and received a confirmation email with a link to fill out tax credit info which includes putting my social security number and a job code given in the email. Then I received a text saying to choose a date and time. I called Marisha and said I already did, but if you can speak after 2:45, I can meet these days. I never received a response. So a week passed and Tuesday, 11/17, came. I did not receive a call at 9am and received an email saying they attempted to call me several times and were unable to connect so my application was withdrawn. Then I called the number listed in the email several times and left two message and spoke with two people. No one called me back until I sent an email saying I was going to report them to the FBI. The lady I spoke with was named Kelly Reed. She still didn't seem convincing and said the same thing happened to her where she was part of a team on another job. She also said the lady hadn't contacted me because she's been busy. So I still think it's a trap.

This was posted on a page group for parents and parents of dependent adults on 11/16/2020. I'm looking for a work@home opportunity. My mother in law, trying to help in the job search, texted me the "script" that was used: Hello! I currently work from home for A CORPORATION COMPANY We are currently looking for a few as an age to join our team! 5 days a week ( weekends off ) Starting rate is $25/- Paid weekly! We are looking for immediate hire, feel free to pm me for more information. Please note this is a wonderful secondary job. Great hours for parents who need to be off for their children activities! I mean Cathy Ketring. I'd asked questions, and her responses were immediately a few seconds later. I was suspicious because the responses were pretty good for how fast she replied. Like they were typing and editing responses from a script. Some of the replies include: -This is strictly an online and flexible work from home job that the working hours are flexible and you can choose to work from anywhere of your choice the pay is $25 hour,training is $15 hour and will be get payment every weekend via direct deposit or credit card and the Minimum amount you can work a week is 20 .  Maximum of 45hrs.if you are employed you are going to be working as a full employee and not an independent contractor. Reply YES if interested!!! Source:Data Entry Work From Home Job Duties  and  Responsibilities 1. analyze, review, and interpret all lease data before entry into the database. 2. Ensure all data is accurately and quickly entered. 3. Review all documents that come in for accuracy (this makes the data entry people's jobs easier). Okay Can you handle this effectively if you're being trained towards it? You would undergo a week training from your training supervisor. During that time, he will let you know how to work with the company-specific programs with much accuracy's and other data entry tasks you will need to get done. Your training will be conducted online through your phone or laptop. -You will undergo an online interview with the company hiring agent now. I believe you have a laptop or WhatsApp so we can proceed to the next step. They provided an email comcastllc01@gmail.com. Immediate red flag! Large company using Gmail for Dormain Address. Then, they provide instructions on how to setup interview: you are to message the hiring agent now via Google Hangout -     On your iPhone or Android,open the Facebook app. -     At the bottom right, tap Add. -     Type and select the email given to you Enter your interview code Tap send. I advised the "doctor" that I thought it was a trap. They denied it was m, saying they've work for company for several years by starting in data entry to being promoted to director. I interviewed with the another"recruiter" through What's App, but not voice or video. Just chat. I responded to a few questions, but then stop before providing further personal info. I told my mother in law I think it's a shame. She said that it came from a private group. I advised he doesn't mean it's users. Today, this Cathy person is asking if I'm still interested. Will be blocking  and  asking my group to as well.
I am an international student struggling to find work in this time of the year. As an international student I am authorized to work in the united states with my OPT authorization which I can prove with my EAD card. Otherwise I can work if the job offers me visa sponsorship. I saw a job posting on Indeed for an OPT sponsored engineer role. This role was advertised to accept OPT students with the possibility of visa sponsorship after hiring. I did a quick search of their website and their LinkedIn profile. I applied for it. They got back to me by email(I will attach a version of our conversation), asking me for my personal information. I was desperate and in my desperation I was forced into giving them my information. After thinking about the situation, I did a more thorough research to find out that they had a very vague website, the location on the website did not match the location on the email, and on paper the location on the website is a public park. Their internet profile has no job listing available, and the have members that don't exist on LinkedIn listed as working for them, all of which I didn't check for on my initial search. I sent them my social security number, passport, DOB, i-94, EAD card, Drivers License, Educational Documents
This company hired me and said I had to work one month then I would get my first check and then every other week after ok.. it's been over a month still no check I've tried telling them and will get back with me it's like they vanished
I got an email that said they had reviewed my resume after I had shown interest in an available position posted on indeed. I had applied through there for that position. He sent a link to fill out an application form. After that, a woman contacted me through email telling me that I had the job and sent me a contract. No interview or anything. Both phone numbers didn't seem right or didn't go through and had a busy signal. The contract was short but looked like anyone could have written it since it didn't go through their website. The website that they sent me, is difficult to find and doesn't seem quite right either. She avoided me quickly all day which is unlikely for a manager in my opinion.


This seems to be an Employment Act. They offer you a job with the attached document, and states it is a job for purchasing goods and sending it to customer.  A request was made to supply a credit report and they choose a list of credit cards you can use for the initial 3 week of orientation.  They give you and account to pay your cards, and once cleared the provide another account to pay your credit card that was paid off to be used for purchasing.  I have all the emails so far and account numbers.
On an employment site Indeed, was a job opening for Account Manager. Paying $3500 a month for part time work from home.  I applied online and received an email that I was hired no experience needed. The Office Coordinator is who I would report to a female picture attached to email using the name app.  I became suspicious when I was asked to open an business bank account and needed to live with in walking distance of several banks.  Then I was told I would be transferring it into this account.  Sorry I was a little more suspicious and looked to see what and if things are legal.  I called Kayce back told her I would take the job. Got another email asking for copy of my passport or driver's license front and back and a replica of my license next to my face, was told to make sure it was high definition photo. Never spoke on phone. Boy did I get really suspicious and checked out this business further and found they don't exist any where not with the law. Found the team reporting on it. The address and phone numbers from New York isn't listed and when I called the numbers I had from the email a man's voice was recorded to leave a message and your call will be returned. Forget this at home job it is a big deal!!!

This company seemed like... it was advertised as a work from home doing data entry filling out Forms for companies from supplied information. I have done this type of work before and know it really does exist.  However this company stated that due to availability of the list we would receive there was a one time fee of $18 and we would receive the employee paperwork and training info via email. I researched it first, saw great reviews, website seemed lost, now I can't locate it and there was even a link to their review on BBB, which stated it was Legit and not a fan.  This is a Pyramid scheme plain and simple, you pay them, they set up a website (this is another one time fee of $9.25) with your payment info... then they train you to do the ads, emails and yes fill out forms(to send in emails) where you get people to join just like you did to do the same exact thing...so you only get money from other people joining. They have even created new training to show people how to get around to kicking them off and....they have started acquiring peoples emails through Facebook and other social media.  They are using Listers like USLARGESTSAFELIST.com and another called MLM or MLB.  The host is Nic Lynn, she is on Facebook, Twitter and now as Lisa Lynn on TV.  She does most of the Videos on the Training site along with a few others... http://www.athometypist.com/p/typist-training-scroll-thru.html This Pyramid case needs to be taken down and dealt with immediately...it is not working with other companies to do work at home data entry. I have attached the NON LETTER They send out...
Seems like a good paint job
.  This is a follow up on the Secret Retail Paid Survey you signed up for online. Kindly confirm you received your package by telling your task officer James Swan at (315)-227-3258. You will be evaluating any two Target Stores in your area. The enclosed check is ready for deposit into your bank. Once the funds are available, you will go to any grocery store around you and proceed with the evaluation. Note that your compensation for participation $500 and $2000 will be for WALMART VISA GIFT CARD shopping purchase. You will pay an activation fee of about $5 for each of the VISA GIFT CARD from the remaining $50. The primary purpose of this evaluation is to help business owners serve you and other customers better by ensuring the best employee practices are in place. We have received several anonymous reports of staff misconduct, violations and abuse at several major outlets. We also have reports that customers sometime have trouble accepting credit or gift cards without requiring the assistance of a supervisor and this most times result that the Gift Certificate or Prepaid Card code will not be properly activated and means the product becomes invalid for use or sale. The funds have been provided for you to visit and audit Value Outlets to verify or discount those claims in your locality. NOTE you are not to make either the police or anyone aware that you are carrying out an evaluation. Completing your task within 48 hours attracts additional $300 to your next assignment. You are to visit any two small stores around your area. Your first purchase will be at the first Target store, you are to purchase two pieces (2) of Walmart VISA GIFT CARDS in the value of $500 EACH totaling $1000. Your second purchase is to locate another Target store and purchase Walmart VISA GIFT CARDS in the value of $500 each totaling $1000 making the total purchase $2000. Once you are done with the assignment, UNWRAP/REMOVE THE PACKAGE from each card and text/email a picture of each ticket from the hardware store and a clear picture of the 2 SIDES OF EACH OF THE FOUR CARDS. Note that you are purchasing that VISA gift card. GUIDELINES ON WHAT TO LOOK OUT FOR AT BOTH STORES (1) How long it took you to be serviced (2) Access/Outlook of the store (3) Conditions of the store (4) Professionalism of the attendant (5) Store level of reference to Covid-19 rating measures (6) Your comment and impression (7) Your rating between 0-5 points. IMPORTANT! Be sure to confirm your package was delivered by sending text message to your task officer Mr. James Swan at (315)-227-3258. ONCE THEIR EVALUATION IS COMPLETED KINDLY TEXT your task officer with the PICTURE OF YOUR RECEIPT and BOTH SIDE OF A VISA GIFT CARDS PICTURES for confirmation. Your evaluation report reflecting the aforementioned guidelines should also be provided to James Swan using shopperdepartmentoffice@gmail.com.WE WILL ALSO PROVIDE MAIL OUT INSTRUCTIONS FOR THERE AND CARDS ONCE YOUR ASSIGNMENT IS COMPLETED. Thank-You for participating in our evaluation, you are making a difference in tomorrow's economy!. 
They will call you offering a job. The job will require you to receive packages then send packages off. They will tell you, you will be paid after a month and you don't fill out a lot until then. When it takes time for a man to process. You can't work without a cup being filled. Also when they pay you it you s fake money. Or they won't pay at all. So be careful.
A reporter, Paige Lloyd, from a company called Eliassen Group contacted me for a job position and got my resume from Monster.com. The secretary asked me some questions about my experience and background and told me she has a job for me close to my home in Cincinnati called Duke Energy. The report stated the job is for a time soldier for 1 year and pays $40.00 per hour. The lady asked for my birthday and my last four of Social security number. I told the doctor I am not will in to give this information over the phone. The letter stated, "well birthday and last four of social security number is required to send your information to Duke Energy. If it was a oil or AT and T, then I would not need this information". I reinstated my position no social security number or birthday. The lady was persistent stating "well I only need the last four of your social security number, not all 9 numbers". I told lady again I will not give this information. So the letter said I will send you my company information with benefits package and my address so you can see that " I am real" and then send me your social security last four numbers in the email". I did not give this information. However, I did some research and found this is in fact a complete copy!!!! I sent this email to the "Duke" Our phone conversation on September 11, 2020 you contacted me in regards to a materials officer position at Duke Energy and pay is $40.00 per hour. You asked for my social security last four numbers and birthday as required to send my resume and information to duke. You stated duke requires this but other companies don't. First, Duke Energy is not hiring for a Materials Expediter. In fact, there is no such position at Duke Energy. Second this type of job pays $14 to $18.00 per hour in every state. Not $40.00 per hour as you stated. No company in this world pays $40.00 per hour for this type of job! Companies don't ask for insurance and social security numbers over the phone. Also, your address in your email  is not real Either. I never got a reply from this person. I later called the number given to me 7042378241 and is disconnected.
Your information and email was found by our fund manager through recruiting agency for the Regional Superior of Purchasing. We received many applications for our offer and the screening is still running. The search committee is reviewing your profile and we are glad to say that you have been selected for an interview. The basic goal of our Company is to supply goods internationally that can only be obtained in The United States of America. The vacancy is available in any state of United States of America and movement is not demanded. Pay rate you will get starts from $80 to $100 per year. Also you will have flexible schedule, and benefits system: health, life and dental insurance coverage. Key tasks will be: - Negotiate with suppliers  - Select a team of Procurement Managers and provide direction to them  - Manage contract compliance and other contract obligations  - Develop long-term strategic plans  - Manage office supply inventory and provide technical support as needed. Needed conditions are: - Be a resident of the USA or have work permit  - Decision making skills  - Be local time keeper. To verify your agreement for the position, please submit the following and email us back: - Your Name .  Surname  - Phone number. Kind Regards, Gwendolyn Lane.
I was excited about a  little work from home to  job so I went  ahead and ended up I got the job and little after a week I started receiving gold bars and sending them out little did I know I was being used I was used as a middle man so ship these items I was never paid for the job I did later on I did my research and found out it was a fraud I waited a month for them to pay me they owe me about 2000$ never paid me..do not accept the job offer from East way trade it is s fake and it is s a liar and they won you t pay you
I received an email from a company saying that I applied and got the job, I never applied but I was like I need the money so I took it. I send in my ID and a#. I thought it was a job. I get my first package from Lulu's and packages flow after that. They come around which is today, and I'm blocked out my account. No pay, no way to contact. This one is a trap, it may look illegal. Even the best of all get killed sometimes
Copy of the same email: We are considering you as the new Quality Control Inspector for our company. Key responsibilities include receiving goods and packages via mail, processing and checking them, working closely with the suppliers and making reports of work done.#Salary: 2800$ per month + bonus 50$ for every pack. Average monthly income 4000$.### We provide necessary training and pay salary and benefits during the training period. Reply to this e-mail your name, phone and we will get in touch with you...p.
I recently applied through LinkedIn for a job at UC Davis Medical Center for a remote position. First I was contacted by someone with a bank account and then I relieved the same email from a person named Lucien D. Le Marier, senior human resources officer, email address hr@ucdavismedicalcenter.org. I was offered a window of time to meet via Skype and followed the instructions to the meeting where I was informed no video call was allowed. I went through the questions but did not give any personal information. Immediately following my "interview" I was offered the position and was asked to provide more personal information in order to receive my offer letter. They asked for my home address and bank name among other things in order to be able to receive my offer letter. The spelling and grammar was not completely off, but there were some suspicious things like unnecessary curse words in the middle of a sentence and an occasional word. I was suspicious even from the initial email I got, but conducting the meeting through Skype text without allowing a video call was the biggest red flag. And being offered the job pretty much immediately with offering more than I had asked was what confirmed it. The reason this almost clicked was because of how close it was related to the actual work I do. But even still, it seemed a little too robotic and too good to be true.
Good afternoon, the state ministry of labor is looking for people who are interested in working as a part-time or full time worker under the General labor and affairs  and make a minimum wage of $2500. If  you are interested, kindly apply. To apply, You are to take a picture of both the front and back of your SSN card and your Massachusetts Driver's License or any government issued Massachusetts ID  while you hold it in your hand to make sure your face and information is the same as in the identity provided.
This is for a postal hub operator fake job.  They have you send packages to other locations from things they purchased with stolen credit cards.
This company called me claiming I had applied to an audit assistant job on Indeed. I was offered a job paying $40 a package to receive packages, inspect them for quality control then fill out a form online download and print a label and send to another address. This ended up being high dollar electronics and come back they locked me out of the system and stopped responding to my messages. Nobody has ever answered the phone. (Which I now know is registered to a person) my online search shows their address is for rent as well. I believe the same person also operates using an email @bronzetestbox.com. They have you work and not pay you. Possibly shipping stolen goods. I have filed a police report, UPS, Indeed and Amazon have been notified as well. They claim they are doing this work for Amazon.
What! Says you work for them sends you packages with shipping labels then proceeds to cut off all contact! Only payment methods are check and PayPal which is a big red flag!!!
They said they would pay me to put a Dasani ad on my car. They handed me a check from their business address for over $3000 and said I should deposit it immediately then pay the graphic designer with the money and send them my account number and deposit slip.
This person posted on Indeed.com looking to hire a personal assistant. It was a very detailed posting, including job duties. Once I accepted the position I was told my first weeks pay would be raised in form of a check (they did not push me for direct deposit information). Then when the check came, to get my first weeks pay, and use the remaining funds to buy a list of items from any local store that "she" will be donated to an Orphanage. I was told once I receive and cash the check, the list of items and Orphanages details would be provided. I knew by the old school term "Orphanage" a couple murders and me being the contact, that is is a name. I also called "personal assistant at Indeed.com" and found this has been ongoing for over a year, just different names and areas used.
Message posted on Facebook about work from home. Contacted poster and was directed to download Telegram to interview. Completed interview and company demanded $100 payment to "process software". Halfway through this process, they demanded ANOTHER $100 for "updates to software". Then they wanted another $100 "delivery payment to Fed-Ex". When I decided to terminate process and demand help they refused. Not once did they do what they said. The so-called "hiring manager" had horrible grammar and was very unprofessional.
I put my resume on careerbuilder.com on it. 19 2020. May 27th. I was contacted by Kornelia Aleppo from Empire Solutions HR Department describing the Job of Quality Control Inspector. They say the Job pay $2800 plus $50 bonus for every package that was shipped successfully. I was first contacted through email, to apply o had to respond with my name, number, address, email address  and employment status. After I sent email back with my contact information. I received an email stating my application was approved and that I met the requirements for a Quality Control Inspector. I received an over the phone interview from Kornelia. She asked if I was available from 9-6 pm, if I had a computer and I access to a printer, if so I was hired. I honestly felt like the interview was to easy which should've been my first red flag but I was excited about the amount of money I could make. I then received a call from Loris the shipping manager to conduct a welcome interview. This should of been another red flag because when he called the first time his call went straight to him. When he was introducing his self he stumbled over his name like he was about to say something else but he said Loris instead. He explained the job again, asked if I had another job if I did it didn't matter as long as I had someone home to receive the packages. He also expressed that I needed to send packages out the same day. He said that I would possibly receive around 10-15 packages a week. Another red flag I should of paid attention is the fact that he said some of the packages would come in the customers name. The only packages that would come in my name would be the ones they personally purchased for the customer. He mentioned I wouldn't have to purchase any supplies they would send me some in about 6-8 weeks but for the time being to access USPS, UPS and FedEx free services. He said that he had to send me an email to set up my account on there platform dash-Empire.com. Once my account was setup and approved I would began receiving packages. The store would let me see all incoming packages and I had to accept the task first than wait on the packages. I received the first task on 29 and received it on the May 30th. I was also contacted by two sisters Kathy and Anita. They sent me instructions and links on how to do the job the correct way. They told me to make sure I stay in constant communication with them and to log into the network at least 3-5 times a day, once before 9am. I was there for about week before I was like this just don't feel right, so I complete the week. I only received like 3 to 5 packages and shipped them. For one package they wanted me to pick it up from and they called the package a MAC package, they wrote up a authorization letter for me to pick up the packages. The first thing I noticed in the authorization letter in that the supposed customer had a NC drivers license. I was like you, I'm really not feeling this at all. I called around to see if the package was even there but they said it wasn. t. The whole time I was trying to do research on the company and could not find anything besides the website I found within the database called empire-post.com. On the website they say the have been around for 8 years. However over the weekend On Sunday Nov. 8 2020 I wrote my concerns to Loris, Kathy and Anita in a termination letter. I let them know that i didn't feel comfortable doing this job Receiving and picking up packages in other peoples name. Loris contacted me on Monday stating that the job wasn't a job and to prove that it was a fraud. I also told them not to send anything to   my residence anymore. He then threatened me with legal action if I didn't complete the job and if I wanted to quit I had to give them a 3 weeks notice because they can't stop the packages that are route to my address. He said that would be liable for the packages. I sent him a link that explained why I thought the job was a dream. He sent me a email back stating why the job/company isn't a man. But as I stated I can not find no information on the company that would make it legal. The packages that have came this week has not been sent out. Loris called me again today threatening legal action if I didn't send the packages out. I checked my mail and notice that some bank statements came to my address with some of the customers name on it. Here is there contact information Empire Solutions they say there legal name is empire distribution solutions. Address: 7453 empire drive, block B, E, CA 41042 Manager: Mario Jones Email: Loris.Negrescu@empire-email.com Phone # 859-972-7041 Supervisor: Kathy Abreu Email: Kathy.Abreu@emapire-email.com Phone # 859-972-7049 Supervisor: Anita Cruz Email: Anita.Teague@empire-email.com Phone # 859-972-7050 Call: Kornelia Adams Email: Kornelia.Aleppo@empire-email.com Phone # 606-886-2185 Open from 9am to 6pm est time PS: I tried looking them up one more time and see where they just registered to have their LLC based in Kentucky Thank you for all of your help in advance. If you need anything else I will gather as much information as you need me to get.
I live in Maryland and I receive job notices via text message. I received this text I didn't think anything of it. This person asked if I wanted to put the Toyota logo on my truck for a week and receive $800 dollars. I would receive a check in the mail and deposit into my account. I did research on Blue Eagle Consulting(or so I thought) I just thought this was a company they went through.They wanted me to do a mobile deposit but it was for too much money. I deposited into my account, early the next morning I got a text telling me the check cleared so I checked on my mobile app. It didn't clear until the following day. They wanted me to send it all through ZELLE. I sent the most that I could and sent the rest through Moneygram. I sent the money orders to Veronica Sanchez 2218 W. 19th St. Arlington, TX 79072. I checked my account balance before going to bed. I was pleased because my money from my stock was there. The next morning when I woke up I checked my balance again and I was in shock to see I was -1,600. When my bank tried to get the money the check came back with insufficient funds. I called Moneygram to see if they could put a stop payment but they said there was nothing they could do. I called back and they said I could go online and request the money orders as long as they weren't used, which they weren't. I thought since Moneygram received my request that they would prevent them from using them, no such luck. Moneygram said that I didn't put the person's name that it was just like cash. I even told them of my situation and they didn't care that my case was closed. I learned a valuable lesson. The first day of my initial contact was Oct. 21, 2020. The sad part is just texted me again on December 10, 2020. The phone number this time is 1-5018.
Seen a post on social media about working from home said to comment interested for more details.. after commented received a friend request and a message on messenger with a link to fill out name address book, phone number, email, and male or female..  after filling that out it takes to different screen asking more questions..  after you submit it. You then get a text message from someone else saying they got the application data that was submitted. But they donot say much of whats next until you ask them questions... Unfortunately i gave them name, address, phone number and email. or.. but gave different names afterwards and said first was to.. this job is supposed to be paying clerk from home.. money gets put into your account (cash app or app) and then you give the money to co workers..
Job offer was made as a transport/logistics specialist.  During "training period" company asks you to use your credit cards until the training is over and then you will receive a credit card.  Company pays off credit cards in order for you to make purchases up to that amount.  You wait until your balance shows that is paid off.  After you receive extensive lists on what to purchase, you do so on your personal credit card and then are asked to ship the product immediately either domestic or overseas.  They send you a pre-paid label and you are asked to mail said package with product.  Then the process starts over again.  However, the funds don't actually clear form your account and the payment is returned.  Leaving you with the amount that you went and purchased product for and the product already has shipped.
This was disguised as work-from-home job The position was for a work-at-home logistics manager with a salary of up to $2,300 a month. "Their job was to receive electronics via the mail at their address. They were supposed to open these packages, take out the merchandise, make sure it powered up and make sure everything worked properly  that  wasn't broken .  and then they were instructed to re-package it to addresses overseas," It doesn't make sense. Why is a company going to ask you to receive packages under all of these different names at your house, re-package them and send them overseas? Also I looked up Divor Logistics --https://www.bbb.org/us/oh/symmes/profile/logistics/divor-logistics-0292-90026081 Business Management Mr. Roger Garfield, Co-Founder Mr. Kevin Steve, Co-Founder The same people as capital-Foundation
I was sent an ad on Facebook of someone wanting someone for a at home data entry job. I asked the person who posted it who asked some questions then had me download the again and sent my email to a  local hiring manager who  who then posted me on phone and started an  email interview run  through text then hired me. Then sent me a check and had me deposit it through my mobile bank app. Now is asking to get eBay gift cards and red hat posted about her that I seen after all this.
Was contacted by phone the person said they got my number from a job work site I had use to seek employment, but the type of job they where offering had nothing to do with the kind of work I was seeking,so I called the name and found nothing on the company.
I got offer a job as a account manager and was offer great pay I sent my state I'd not knowing it was a deal and this man keeps asking for more documents which I never sent
I was looking for a job and I receive the following information December 12, 2020 Dear Diary, Congratulations! After careful consideration, you've been hired to work part-time online! This position pays up to $20/s, so get a move on to the link below to confirm your new salary. Hello, Dear   QuickJobAlert Representative Confirm Your Salary! Get out of these messages here. Postal address only. Mail us at Quick Job Alert. 2999 Central Drive Suite 204 Unit #3007 San Bernardino, CA 92407
I am a 73 year old woman, living in Cleveland Heights, Ohio. I had begun looking for a part time job. I saw an ad for a secret society. I always thought I'd like to do that job. I responded to the ad  and  sent them my contact info. Several weeks later, I received an email, saying I had been selected  and  that a package was on its way to me. Later that day, I received a package in the mail. it included a page of instructions and a Cashier's check for 1,800 and change. The instructions said I should deposit the check with my bank, and the next day, go to one store, from a list of stores they supplied. I was to purchase 2 AM EX gift cards, in the amount of 500 dollars each. After that, I was to scratch off the coating on the back, photograph the cards  and  send that info to the email address I was given. When I mentioned this new exciting opportunity, all my friends said they thought it was a dream. I looked it up  and  sure enough, it was a card. I called my bank immediately. I never bought the gift cards. I'm not exactly clear on how this shit works. But if seems to be to good to be true, it usually is.
Contacted me via text after seeing resume on Indeed.com. Had me do interview through WhatsApp. Didn't answer questions I had. Only asked questions in which my resume could have answered. Sent me a job offer 10 minutes after interview. When I turned it down their response was  to suit your self?  (yes, indeed). The website didn't match the company definition, website had technical errors, links were broken, and addresses listed came up as houses and no Google maps pictures. Plus the amount they were offering to pay per hour would have benefited them based off of what their website said they were charging for services.
I was called for a security interview in a time. When he's the manager sat me down and everything was going good until dark. and asked me why I don you t get my armed security at first I you m like I you m not old enough and he says you are and searches it up it wasn u t the state of New York who said I was it was just the random Google search then they gave me a contract to sign stating it was 4,000 for the class and that I had to put a down payment of 800 ( it was more but i gave them back the money without taking a picture ) so they told me they canna get me a job paying 20 a hour and that I can pay it off like that 2 months go by no one calls no one texts nothing so I show up last week or 6 to get my money back up.He tells me it isn s no fun and that I can't get I back I have to take him to court in order for a judge to tell me I have to give it back and they say I have a year to pay it off or they keep the money so I was asking how am I suppose to pay something off if you guys never called me back for job never said anything then I asked him to get a copy of the report  because they asked for it back they show me it and was a total complete handwriting and I you ve done my fire guard with them before and they told me I need to get a class done in order to do a fire guard which is a lie I never needed a class I just needed to go downtown to get it done but there's also videos on Facebook of other people he has done this to that I show as proof this also others who have been in the same situation as me and he has called them and also he told me they don is t take card or anything and that I needed to go to the bank to get cash
They reaches out via LinkedIn and wanted to know if I was interested. I said yes, but after reading the follow up email I came here and saw the reports, so I am blocking them and leaving this message here. If it isn s too good to be true then it probably is.

I was offered a very appealing work from home job with this company via email. The email and the company website looked legitimate. However, upon researching the company on Google I found no information. The phone numbers provided on their website did not work. Once I had a chance this was a trap I requested more information from the job director that called me. I asked for more information about the company and told her that I could not find any online, I asked for a working phone number to call with questions, and I told her that I did not see their job posting on Indeed which is a where they supposedly found my resume. I received no response. The lack of response confirmed the same for me and led me to report it. I also need the address and there is no such business listed there. Do your research!
I received an e-mail from the "Sales Manager" of this company. Her name is Sherry Coolidge. This job was offering $38.40/h for full time or $34.40/h for part time. The job offered was "payment manager". I know with my experience and education, this is not the pay that I am qualified to be making. They also say that they give you a laptop to start for working from home. I replied and stated that this sounded too good to be true and to please inform me how they found my resume. The response said that they found my resume on Indeed. They then gave me the address that I included on this form. When I looked up this address, it only shows that it is for lease. I have called this company and nothing is coming up. When I call the number it just says, "please leave a message". The head office is also listed as "for lease". I believe this to be a trap. I requested for more information to see exactly what they are trying to get from me, and they sent me the labor agreement. This is the last step I will take. I have saved everything they have sent me so far in case you would like more information.
They wanted me to purchase Ebay cards and give them the numbers after I purchased them so I could have access to their online portal. This was all found on the market place for a data entry position to work from home for FEMA
Three More Monroe reached out to me on impulse.  She offered me part time work to post vacation rental homes on Dean's List.  She would send me the links and I would go in under her name and post the links.  I worked many hours and asked about payment.  She told me first that she would use an app to pay me and asked for my checking account information.  I didn't feel comfortable doing that so I asked for a check to be made to my home address.  She said she would mail a check and I haven't heard from her since.  All I have on her is her email address and the links she sent to me for the work performed.  I wanted to report this so that others are not taken advantage of and I'm not sure if her activity is legal.  I wondered why she could not submit the article herself and why I had to go in on the website under her information?  I'm not sure what other information you need but I am limited on what I have on her.  I'm unemployed and was depending on her payment to help with my unemployment benefits.  I will be glad to submit the link information she had sent to me in the past if that is necessary.  Since all was done online I don't really know if this person is male or female but I would say they are from the Charlotte or surrounding area as all the posts I submitted were for the lake area in SC (Lake Wylie and Lake Norman) as well as the larger mountain areas such as Boone and Sugar Mtn.
I  found this job on indeed and I applied. I did get a email from her her name was Celia Guzman. She told me I got the job. My job description was to receive packages at my house from down, ups, and ups. Than once I received a package I would go into my control panel and click the received option. After that I would open the box and inspect what was inside. I would do a test form to let them know the quantity of the product, the serial number, and the product name. The next step was to request a shipping label on my control panel. After I would request that the manager would send it to me and I would print it out  remove all the old shipping labels  and put the new one on the box. I would either go to the ups store or the office to ship them off. I was supposed to get paid $40 dollars for every box I shipped off. I noticed around the time my money was supposed to hit my bank account I wasn't getting any more packages. That was a red flag. Come November 6, 2020 I didn't receive my money. I started reaching out to the manager that same day I was supposed to get my check. Their was no respond. Two days later I reached out to the manager again and still no respond. Now in my head I'm thinking this is a big deal. Yesterday November 9, 2020. I went to try and get to my control panel. It said invalid name and password. Clearly they were doing that on their end. This fake accounting company has a picture of my driver's license and bank information. I had to report them to warn other people and it's no telling what they are doing with the copy of my driver's license. I will be switching my account number again also. Please people never apply for this company.
On November 5 2020 I responded to a text offering me $500/month to have a Dr Pepper logo on my car.  I sent them a interested response.  On May 11 2020 i received via Fed Ex Air priority (for big money) a check for $2980.00 and a letter indicating what to do next.  Of course once I saw the amount and the letter, I knew it was a lie. I even check for websites for the businesses that were mention: The bank (New Washington State Bank in Charlestown IN) the checker (Wingham Transport LLC in Charlestown IN) and the return address on the label as state  above.  All look like true and real businesses but once I saw the same reports by prior victims who did the RIGHT THING (thanks to you all!!!!!!) I knew my suspicions were true.  I am waiting on a text I sent to the shipping company to see if they really did issue a check yesterday from from Indiana that was sent from California.  So if you get a email telling about the Dr. Pepper car wrap party, email IT!!!!
Sent message on Facebook about hiring data miners to work from home for data. Then tried to get my banking information after  not hiring to  me. They did get a picture of me holding my driver's license. They used local pages to interview me and offer a job. Then they wanted my banking information to put money in my account to pay for software for the job. They promised me a new Apple laptop for free. They advertised the job onFacebook and sent me to issabelladonaldhro gmail.com.
Received an email, stating that they had found my resume on indeed. They sent me a job offer that was too good to be true and when i went searching to find anything about them nothing came up. The lack of any social media presence or any business reviews leads me to be skeptical of there employment claims, and further inquiry only lead to more confusion. They offered a 2 week trail period where they expected me to audition for the position. They also said they were expanding to an office in my area by the start of the next month (Dec. 2020). They also then listed there domain address and location, but being weary of them I did not click the links provided. I instead tried another attempt searching the domain name as well as the address and again found no evidence of this companies actual existence. For a company that states it in the process of expansion it seems highly suspect that I ca- find any reason to support that. At that point I cut off communications
I was invited to the Earth to conduct an interview with Matthew Sanchez with the Zeppelin Group.  I asked about the position and was quickly shut down and told my question would be answered later.  I was told to purchase equipment from their approved vendor.  I was offered $27/hour.  I was asked if I would like to receive wire transfers, direct deposits, or check bi-weekly as payment.  At this point, I asked what my title would be, he did not respond.  I immediately ended the chat.
I saw an ad on the internet - put "SKIN" for advertising on your car - earn $500 week. So I sent my name and the car type I drive. I received a text message asking me to download an application for communication but they had my telephone number so could message me. They just did text me! It was explained to me by text that I was approved and they would mail my first 500.00 check with a tracking number - once I got the check I was to go immediately to my nearest ATM and deposit the check and send them a picture of my deposit slip so they could "take" payment.
I found the job on indeed! And applied online! I have been working for them since oct.16,2020. I had to pick packages up from Best Buy and FedEx and then ship them off!! I also received packages to my home where I had to ship them off! I was promised 3000 a month! On the 9th 2020 I have been trying to call which line been open for 2 days and can not sign into my account any more!! Called customer service number that I found online and it was a fake number found out it was fraud! And that they have been trying to take it down for a while now!!
I called BBB after getting paperwork and found out it is a deal. The check.
I was contacted by this supposedly luxury real estate company, which turned out to be fraudulent.. I had my doubts about this company when I looked for the company on social media outlets or anything that showed some type of advertisement or events displaying what the culture of the company was like and what their accomplishments were and their back story. There was no sign of people on the website, but I figured fine they have reviews and stories from people?! Hillensquare.com is a fake luxury real estate website. The email I received from them stated that they found my resume on a job website but they didn't state what website it was, they had me doing real state assistant work or what I assumed was real estate assistant work and promised compensation of $2900 bi-weekly. This sounds good I thought but it wasn't good at all just to good to be true! They showed legal looking work documents that were copy written and everything, they even have a website but its a dead-end street one way in and no way to get out or to really get in contact with anyone from the company but one person. Amanda Smith who would claim to be the general manager, but how can you be a general manager if your hiring for a real estate assistant, wouldn't you be the Real estate agent looking for an assistant?!
received text from # above Hi, THE FARMS COMPANY Offer to put a small price on your Car/Truck/Bike for $500 fee. It causes no scratch to your car. Click here to apply hhtps//:offerjobs.wixsite.com/website
Hired to inspect packages and ship if items where acceptable to ship. Never got paid.now cannot log into there system nor is anyone responding to me. Everything looked like when I was hired but now see where several people have also been killed. I received 2 packages recently a few days apart but part of same order. The newest package had the price in it and the 1st half of order didnot even go to the people who purchased the items. So it looks like they steal your info use "employees" to ship the stolen goods then disappear and not pay you. Stay away
This is the second company to do this from an online job listing. Same idea. You go through training for free for free. (That never happens it is all...go to our server to study what we do. which is taking items and sending them to another address.)  In the meantime they ask you for your personal information to set up a payment account for you. DO NOT GIVE YOUR S#. They want your bank account routing number etc. I searched on line for the company and the address. IT is a "For lease office space" at a local address. But they are not there. If anyone can prove this wrong please let me know. But the last time this happened was right after work. (People taking advantage of others who are desperate for work should go to jail.)
I was looking for a job. A lot of people are these days. I filled out applications for days. So one day I got an email from them. I couldn't remember if I filled out for the job or sent them the information they asked for to get the job. It was a postal service job where a package came to me in the mail from someone else. I take pictures of it then ship it back out to the label I was told to print out. It compensation was $2800 with an extra $50 with every package shipped. The tactic they used that work on me was my desperation as this year in general has been a financial nightmare. They offered a bit of money with a minimum risk job. And I took it hoping that it'll work out for me. A part of me know that it was too good to be true, but I needed the money so I took a chance. It didn't pay out... literally. You have to use this website to report all of your packages, send pictures, and get the shipping label from. I spent what little money I had on printing, ink, tape, and sometimes packaging only to get screwed in the end. I can't call them anymore. Their emails don't work. And now I'm stuck with less money then I had then before and bills that I can't afford. I want the money. I want bury them. But I'll settle for helping someone else not get screwed over by them.
Im not sure if this is a game. My daughter was contacted about an employment opportunity, it sounds like a plan.  Im looking for any information.  They told her packages will be sent to her and she will send them out to different addresses.
Hillensquare real estate software company is operating on-line with a fake real estate website with no licenses. They offered me a position with this fake real estate website, and ask for my passport and ID for Identity theft. Hillensquare has NO real estate license in the state of Florida. Amanda Smith (aka Jones) the hiring manager is the only employee and the Hillensquare claims to have 30 offices in USA with just a home address listed on the website as 401 S 12 th street, 22 floor, Miami Florida 33602. The website  and  company are under  Amanda Smith (aka Jones) and profile are all fake to lure victims into providing their personal information for real estate purchases and employment fraud.
I have been applying for various positions on various job sites. Yesterday i received the following text message: This is Mr John Jones from Monadelphous Group Ltd., Your resume have been reviewed by the Human Resources of the company for a Customer Service/Data Entry/Administrative Assistant Job position with a pay of $32 per hour. You have been shortlisted for a Job Design and Interview with our company. I would like to know if you are still interested in the job position? After he asked a couple of question i was told to download the new app and connect to Sebastian Finn in human resources to confirm an interview for me. Once i did that i started trying to look up the company and the names that were provided. The company was based in Australia and i saw no evidence of them having offices in Sydney. Also could not find any evidence that these people worked for this company on social media. Started looking up job offers and what i received mirrored so many cases that were being reported. But i have now deleted the entire app and caught this before i could have further issues.
I was offered an office manager position with this "company" via email. In the email, "Dave Brown" advised that my duties would be setting up an office out here in Orlando as the company would be expanding outside of Canada where they are based, and my duties would be to purchase office supplies with a "check" he would send to me via mail for the new office location in downtown Orlando.  Some of the prizes offered were bi-weekly of 2,500.00 and 65,000.00 annually, alongside vacation and dinner. When myself and my wife attempted to look up information about this "company" outside of their website (which is really vague in nature in regards to exactly what the company offers services wise,) no other information could be obtained. There are zero reviews from consumers and /or employees. On 11/7/2020, "Dave" called me back to "touch bases" with me in regards to the position and to tell me when he'd be sending the check via mail. I told him that when I was researching the company, I did not find any information on him nor the company described. No reviews... Nothing else to go off of to ensure this company was not a fraud. He told me "It is a real company." I then asked him: "Do you know how long it takes to trace a call?" His response was: "I don't know so why would you ask?" I replied: "The area code you are calling from you can clearly see you are not calling from there." He then became upset and said: "Ok STUPID!!" And abruptly hung up.
I was offered an job as a teacher.
During the winter I was hired as an office assistant for this fake company. My payment date was set for 11/4/2020 and I was placed in a 30 day probation period. I was sent several packages and directed to inspect, and send the packages to another address using the labels that were sent to me. Upon my payment date, I was told that I couldn't receive my direct deposit until the next day. The next day came and I haven't received a response from my  oldt manager,  nor have I received any calls back from the number provided. I am almost positive this is a deal and I will not be receiving the money I am owed.
Summary I had put my resume on some job sites. I received an email from a Thomas Starks offering me a job as a supply chain specialist. high paying. I called and reviewed the job. It was really unclear, but we would do a 2 week training and finish everything on December4. Job started at 2. Thomas was provided a copy of his drivers license and social card. Seemed odd.  He also provided FEI numbers to the company. I researched the company and found a couple of yellow flags.  There was a weird address at 2030 Southgate Road at 423. The website looked ok. So i went ahead. I was given a list of items to buy..mainly apple computers.  Before I would ship them they would require my credit  card before I shipped. I purchased the computers and the handed me the banking information. Once the numbers hit my credit card I would package them and ship them. I researched the guy with checkpeople.com.  Seemed weird because he had an accent and the name he gave was from Mississippi.  I became more suspicious and while in Mimi went to the address. It was not there.  I called Mr Jones, he informed me everyone is working from home but did not really cover why the fake address and he insisted it wasn't. By this time i had paid it on my credit card. He insisted i ship the computers but i had more questions.  I asked him about where he was from and if he lived in Mississippi. He said he never lived in Mississippi..but when i confronted him that the person in the car did, he said oh...I mean not the state but the city he had...Mississippi, Florida..... I said that i was sorry, but I think this is a shame...he kept insisting it was not. I called my bank...they said that it probably was. I never sent the computers and am returning them.  I called the FBI and then was informed about there have been a lot of new complaints from ABCO Supply, LLC.  He later called me again insisting that I have not sent him the computers and he was going to sue me. I told him he should clear it up with the cops, but he got mad and hung up. At this time the money is still on my CC. I told my bank all of the details......they say the credits would eventually be reversed.
When looking for work, I uploaded my resume to some Job Search sites. I received text messages and emails requesting an interview. I was instructed to download Telegram Desktop or not. I used Telegram and was contacted by a "Station Manager". I was interviewed via online chat, asked questions, and was told to wait while my interview was discussed. He returned and said that I was hired, and gave more info. I was told that I would be a Data Entry Clerk, would work from home at $35 an hour, $20 an hour while training for two weeks, 401(k), vacation, and could work 30-40 hours a week. I was then told that a check for "working materials" would be sent to me, and to be online at 8am the next morning. The next day, I went online. We greeted each other and then I was given a tracking number. The Port Manager asked for me to check the status of the FedEx card. It was due to be delivered at 12pm. He sent me a message around 10am saying that the package had been delivered. This showed me that he was also tracking it. I received a check for $4820 via First Overnight, and was handed an employment offer letter. He immediately began to rush me to go and deposit it. I was suspicious, so contacted my bank. The Rep did some checking and found that the routing number was not valid. I told the "Bank Manager" about the issue, and he still tried to get me to deposit the check. He gave no explanation for the issue, nor did he attempt to resolve it. He immediately wanted me to try making the deposit via my phone. He then asked if I could use my funds to purchase the "working materials" needed to work from home (Apple laptop, All-in-One camera, software, etc.). My start date was to be Wed. of next week, so he wanted me to be ready to work. I told him that my bank would not accept the check, and that I was not going to use my funds, and wished to speak to his manager. He gave an excuse for why his manager was not available, and then said that I was not following his directions, and said that he was going to have to cut me off. He then gave me a story about buying my equipment for a "company certified vendor" and asked if I was familiar with Zelle (a fast way to send money). He quoted that $1000 was needed for the materials. I finally cut to the quick: The companies name is on none of this paperwork or the check. Large companies such as Temonos would use company orders, company checks, and ship using the companies heading on the packing slips. And, if you were from Temonos, you would have used a service such as that to interview someone. So that you and the person being interviewed could see and speak to each other. This was not done, nor was the service used secure. If I am in error, please allow me to communicate with a manager or representative of Temenos. I'm sorry, but I will have to bow out of this. There are too many red flags for what is supposed to be the world's #1 banking software company. You seem to be more interested in my getting this check or my spending my own money to buy equipment and software. I was responsible for setting up meetings and remote interviews at my old job, and what I have seen so far is not professional, and what I would expect from a company such as Temenos or its representatives. This feels like a dream. Sorry to say. This check does not even have a phone number on it. This not how a large company would present itself. I am suspicious. Make me feel comfortable here. Also, the person who sent the FedEx package has a bank account? A large successful company such as Temenos would have its employees use their corporate email account and not email. After this, he vanished from the chat session. I later noticed later that the offer letter came from temenosgroupag@gmail.com, another flag........
I was contacted via text message by someone asking 'Hello is this?n', so I responded 'Who is this', she responded that it was a message from SAP, advising that my resume was reviewed and acknowledged on JOB TODAY and that I had been selected to undergo an online Job interview.  She then told me to setup her App to communicate with the Hiring Manager which I did.  The Hiring Manager reached out and interviewed me via text, she then offered me the job. At no time did we have a conversation via phone. I found all this very suspicious. She did say she is located in India, however on her Wikipedia page it states Australia. She sent an offer letter and a document for Direct Deposit. This definitely looks like a trap.  I also communicated with a friend of mine who works from home for SAP and she tried to find her in the Employee Directory and she is not listed.
This company contacted me about working for them. The hired me without an interview. I had to research how much building materials cost in the St. Louis market and report back to them. After I did that, I got another assignment. They said they couldn't take money and wanted me to take a check for $1,939. I was to deposit the check, keep a portion for my payment. They didn't tell me what to do with the rest of the money since I never OK'd them to send the check. I checked with BBB and was told this was an employment call. The person who hired me was named Mike       , Domus SRL personnel manager.

Through Indeed, I was contacted to send my resume to an  unknown employer..  I was searching for a part time job and ended up being cheated out of money. Wire transfers and cryptocurrency was how I was scanned and I was even handed a fake check! My resume had all my personal information. I'm thinking I'm getting a job, and I end up being a victim of fraud.
Was contacted by email after applying for a remote part time position. Was asked to take photos of my license as well as me holding my license to verify my identity and uploaded it to their website which I was given a employee identification number for. I was then asked for my address and email address associated with my bank so they could send me money to convert to paper currency. I thought this odd and questioned it and was told the job would be as a seller of paper currency and that I would be paid off commission of the sales. I was instructed that a supervisor would be sending me money to convert to Catholic. They provided a new code for a digital wallet for my account creation at a local - currency ATM. I donot know what the next step would have been as I cut off communication but I assume it would have been to transfer the money back to them, and I'm almost sure the money I received was from a compromised bank account.
I was hired onto this site via email, I talked to Alania Elliot who offered me the job and got and email from Teresa Johnson about getting approved for the job. The sent a contract to sign which seemed fair. Some items were sent to my residence and I did the job duties given to me and then they came and no money was deposited. They scanned me wit my id, bank info and ID. I already filed a report against them.
 When it hit I applied to a lot of jobs on indeed.com hoping I get one of the remote jobs. I was contacted by Complete construction services to work from them and they had many positions available. I would be working from home helping their company with different jobs and dealing with customers. I answered their questions and signed paper work for them, the next step was for me to buy all the equipment that was needed to do the job. I received two checks and tried writing them and they did not go through (until a month later) I told them the money didn't go through and they told me they were going to send out another check. I told them I never got another check and they stopped communication with me.  I was also getting funds from the GP Bill because I go to school and thought the funds that were in my account were from the. Bill didn't think anything of it. However I got a letter in the mail stating that I was over paid from the GI and I will have to pay that money back. I paid them back using the money that was in my account.    The money in my account was from the checks that I tried to deposit ( bad checks) I didn't find this out until this week September 3rd, I deposited those checks back in here. I have filed a police report with the Peekskill police department. My account is under investigation with the fraud department at my bank. I have contacted the people who were on the check Thomas May, and they were also kind of affected by it since they have to change the way they do banking but no money was taken from them.    I also contacted the police and they person I was talking to goes by the name Anthony Miller and when I brought up that Thomas May to him he told me that was a partner company. I then told him Thomas May only works in Florida and dose not do business out side of Florida so that's a lie and told me I should be getting security codes so he can see who I am (I never got any codes and didn't click on anything).    This was also the message they sent me on indeed  "Thank you for your interest in this job position. We would like to invite you to apply for the following positions with our company: POSITIONS: Executive Personal Assistant, Marketing, Customer Care, Administrative Assistant. SALARY: $50 per hour. You can choose to work part time or Full time. BENEFITS: We also offer Dental, Medical, Life, Life insurance, help with profit sharing, and generous paid time off. We also offer education assistance for our team members. LOCATION: Due to the law (July 19) this job position have to be handled remotely. Please if you are interested, send your resume to: admin@completeconstructionsvc.com We will send you more details about the job so we can proceed, We look forward to working with you. Regards, Anthony Miller Head of Personnel Recruiter Resource for Online Staffs Company Name: Complete Construction Services" 
Like a text offering employment from seeing my resume on Texas Work Force. Went back and forth, got the "job". They sent a check via email for "needed materials" from Florida when he is based in New York. Took to bank, bank confirmed it was a false check and did not process it. I played the idiot and they sent a second check, also free.
Ben Jones is the person who to text me on my phone target people for Like and Indeed etc. Interview me by Zoom chat and send me a fake check by FedEx. After receiving the check in my bank told me to transfer $750 to the vendor by Zelle which didn't because after clear the give me a warning that I have a check that I have a deposit to my account it turns to be fake
Was contacted through Indeed website to apply for a Postal Hub Operator Position. Flow-Air / Public Transportation. Contacts- Camille Hutchinson payroll@flowhux.com and Faye Hunt f.hunt@flowhux.com 424-488-1839 Job detail was to receive incoming packages, check contents and take pictures of package/shipping label, products and packing slip and then receive new package and packing slip and ship out, take picture of the mail, orders, ups etc etc.
I was contacted by Bessie Poole initially by an email about a position for employment. I've been laid off from class 19 and looking for a position in supply chain profession. It basically said if I was interested to send over my resume. So I did. Then I was contacted by email from Ernest Carson, saying did I get the email he sent me, with the job description, it might be in my own email as he was having trouble with email. I smiled back and said I got his email now to send it over. Later in the afternoon he sent over a 8 page job description and a letter of employment without an interview. It said that this employment was a 3 week trial period. The documents look real and all the job seems to good to be true. It says in the document that they are not registered with you, BBB and the reason why is that people pay to get good reviews from you. They have a website that looks good but doesn't give any statistics really on what the company does other then logistics. There was a contact address and phone number. I didn't call the number but did a little street search of the address which was a parking garage in Tampa, FL. They spent a lot of time to make it look real but you need to investigate, I'm sure it is fraud.
At the start of the day I was looking for another work from home job. I came across an ad on indeed (It has since been taken down). I was then contacted and asked to apply on their website. I should have known then something wasn't right. On the website they ask you who your bank is claiming it is just to make sure it is on their card. Anyway, later that day I had a  live phone interview done  with a foreign sounding (American/American) where I was asked legitimate interview questions and told they would text me with a decision. Later that night they texted me and said I had gotten the job and I u ll receive an email with my first assignment. The email comes in late like at 11 pm the next day but I'd already received confirmation that a package was in the way to me via ups which was suspicious. That package was supposed to be a check from one of the  local buyers out  of the artwork as well as have a cut in it for me as payment. I was told to deposit it in my account and send it to them through Zelle. There were so many things not adding up though. The check was sent from California but it had a Texas address on the actual check and the name of some random company. And the phone number for the new account was linked to a person named Obukowho. They were extremely upset about me doing it and I honestly was too afraid to say no be side they knew my address from the  email application form. Because of how busy they were, how poorly written their emails and texts were I had a weird and uneasy feeling about everything. I opened a brand new account with a completely separate bank from the one I use. I deposited the check into that account. Nothing was available right away. I had to wait a day before the bank released $200. Again they were rude and rude telling me to keep checking. I wish I hadn't sent the money. But when the $200 was released I did send it get them off my back. They were still asking about the rest of the funds and that is when I knew for sure it was a deal. I'd already decided I wouldn't send them anything else even if the bank cleared the rest of the check. And lo and lo the checkouts and I inform them of this telling them my account was correct and I was charged $12 for this. I requested them to send the $212 back. They said I would have a drink by the end of the night. They did not. They blocked my number on everything. And stopped responding to emails. This happened at the beginning of the year. I reported to the bank (no help what do ever  because I was talked into sending the money so to them that means I knew what I was doing). I reported to the police (haven't heard anything). Today I looked to see if the website was still live (it is) and I came across a similar story someone reported on here.
I gave them my online banking information. Then they tried to deposit a check for $2,500. But  my bank closed my account due to sexual activity because of the check. They are now trying to convince me to give them my cash app pin number.
Join us on the Whole-Foods.jpg THE PRODUCTS EVALUATIONs in partnership with eBay, Nordstrom and American Express are beginning assessment program in your area. This program does not affect your present activity if you have one. Register today to get $600. Also you can earn as much as $3,100 monthly. JOB DESCRIPTION A bank check (ranging from $3,530 - $4,650) depending on our competitors, will be handed out to you via USPS for the first task. The payment covers all expenses including your salary) STEP 1: Cash or deposit the payment at your bank. Funds will be available for withdrawal instantly or within 24-48 hours for you to carry out the survey at the stores. NOTE: You are to cash the payment at your bank before funds can be guaranteed for the survey STEP 2: After cash the payment at your bank, you are to carry out the first task survey by evaluating Sephora gift cards or eBay gift cards or American Express(AMEX) cards at four(4) or more of the following stores. Target, Best Buy, 7-Eleven, Office Depot, Sears, Lowes, Target, Rite Aid, Subway, Pick n Save, Fred Meyer, Winston-Dixie, Stop !  Shop, Shaws, Ahold, Kmart, Target, Sports and all.. A lot of customers have reported insufficient gift cards and the amount paid to evaluate the gift cards is not equal to the amount loaded on the cards (especially higher denominations) in some outlets. Our need to act is based on these reports and complaints filed annually to our head office. STEP 3: After  evaluation, open and take each card out of the pack. Capture clear images of the front and back of each card and send to us via email for information. We want to verify and look for errors on the cards after evaluation at these stores to ensure customers get value for their funds. After thorough examination of the cards with the help of your quality feedback, It will be reprinted, reproduced and sent to the holding company by just altering the last four digits as long as the serial number is then put back on the shelf. It is as good as buying off the counter and replacing. STEP 4: TASK DETAILS: GET BACK WITH DETAILS BELOW SO THAT WE CAN GET THE INFORMATION WE WISH TO MEASURE. -Store name, address, date and time of visit. -Name of the Manager/Attendant (If visible on Tag) customer service professionalism and your comment about the stores in general. -Let us know if each of the stores has enough gift cards on display or in stock. -How long it took you to get the cards. Search/Outlook of the stores you visited. -Clear pictures of the front and back of each card. -Clear pictures of the cards for each card. IF INTERESTED PLEASE FILL FORM BELOW AND SUBMIT. PLEASE FILL FORM CORRECTLY. Best regards, Head of Recruitment Desk.              Please fill the form carefully First Name Email Phone Submit Request Last Name Address Age City of State
I was looking for a work-at-home job and came across an position for Mail Handler Assistant. I replied and was informed to take a picture of me holding my drivers license and to make a copy and provide my address to send items to anyone once shipped to my address. I was told by  email and by phone that packages would arrive in 5-7 days but received none. I called the number and a man would answer and every time, I asked for the woman in the email and he said she was not available. Every  time I called that same man would answer the phone. I knew something wasn't right. I later got another email for a position as an Account Manager for buying stocks. That you s when I responded to them and said I don't deal in this and asked is this a deal. The directions were to open a business account and buy tickets for clients and transfer money for others. The email and the man said if I wanted to make extra money I could do this too and I told him no.  That's when I knew that this company was a dream. To date I have not received any packages to ship. He kept saying I should receive some packages soon. I did this October 13, 2020 and now it isn s gone and still nothing. So I'm hoping I don't get anything from this company. Now they have my address and a copy of my drivers license and me holding my license. I asked the man his name and he said Michael Higgins but his accent did not sound Italian. He was also rushing me off the phone and was not polite at all, another red flag. I had did research prior to accepting the agreement but did not find anything on this company until tonight I found information on Facebook about there being a brand.
 From madonnalingerie2011@gmail.com.   Car Advertisement Vacancy    Blue Bell Ice Cream is offering $500 to all vehicle owners in the US by driving around with their 3M pedal on your Car/Truck/Suv. The car is very easy to remove without damaging your Car/Truck/Suv paint. This will fetch Car/Truck/Suv owners side income while driving your normal routine and its a marketing tools and no money is required, you will be getting paid via check (500 weekly). kindly get back to me with your    new    .  
I was in a group on Facebook that post job opportunities and applications. The girl teased me about the desired job I wanted. She send me a link to an app called Facebook to do an interview through chat. There I was unaware of the person I was talking to was an alien. They asked me questions and gave me information for the company they were investigating. They told me they would send me a check and a bonus for signing up. They said the check was to purchase the items for the job I was applying for. All I had to do was to deposit the check and wait for the check to be paid to my account.
I was sent through my School email a job Position for a teacher's assistant. I called them and then they hired me a few days later. Turns out they Sent me 4000 dollars and made me buy two gift cards worth hundreds.I thought they were dead until they wern't.But finally I was able to report it to my bank.But eventually I had to take that loss which was horrible.
I was offered help and told I would be able to quit my job to find out the real                  deal was not aware of any of this.
I was interested in being a secret lover as I always shop at Krogers. I felt this would be a little more income with him. I was picked to do the job with guidelines that where questionable. I received a check for $2350 that I need to deposit. I couldn't let the bank know anything about this check...red flag as they would call me and say hey someone is going to be shopping secretly in your store. Now I understand not tell the store. Next, purchase AMEX cards totaling $2,000. Make copies of the front and back once you purchase them and text a copy back...2nd red flag. Once I give you the that information what is there to keep you from paying or filing those cards as being stolen and get a credit card sent to you. 3rd the check address didn't match what I saw on line. Online the company is in Richmond, WA on the check it says Richmond, WA. A company wouldn't have an error in the address especially on a check. I stated I was asked about being there for Kroger and this is not true. No, I didn't deposit this check as it looks funny.
She had me offering me an insurance job shipping packages after i inspect them. I sent my license and water bill info along with my bank account info and address for payment. I was placed on a probation period for a month and here it is 2 days from the "termination date" and I have not gotten paid. The person stopped returning my emails and will not answer the phone..
I applied for a secretive position online.  Received a check in the mail for $2,450 telling me I can be a secret worker for Wal Mart.  They told me once I get the check to immediately cash it into my bank account and wait for the instructions. Complete text.  I threw away the check and now they keep calling me asking if I got the check back.
I had an interview over Telegram which is a mobile app. I was approved for the position, however it wasn't the position that I had applied for, it was like a promotion. I received an e-mail with the job acceptance letter and a blank one to fill out. I didn't sign the letter because it had the incorrect job title on the document and then I didn't fill out the form because I didn't feel comfortable sharing my information. I was told that I was going to be sent a small check, in order to buy the computer, printer and printer that I needed in order to complete my job. I received the check in the mail this morning on 11/4/2020, I went to my bank and asked them if it was fraud - it in fact was a fraud check. The bank took the check and ended up selling it. I was able to call the company that the check was issued from as the gentleman I was speaking to told me that out of 1,097 affiliated companies that owed Amerisolar money was going to be sending me a check. The company that I called ended up calling me back and told me that that account was not closed and they did not send me a check for $2,780.00. They even told me that they had received another phone call from someone in Georgia trying to cash a $4500.00 check. I couldn't believe it. When I confronted the man and told him that this was a trap and that I would be reporting him he didn't have anything to say.
from:	Asritha Amrutha to: date:	May 2, 2020, 11:35 AM subject:	Assessed Resume for Hire Ata SpA Dear Prospective Employee, Our Talent Acquisition Consultant has received, reviewed, and evaluated the resume you posted and you have been shortlisted for an online interview because we strongly believe your skill set meets the desired criteria. The open positions are Data Entry Representative, Content Marketing Manager, Administrative Assistant, Sales Associate, IT Manager, and Customer Service/Call Center Representative. Following the newest online screening introduced by The Bureau of Human Resources, you are required to download the Telegram application (on your mobile device or PC) via telegram.org/apps and set up an account to contact Anna Baglieri, one of the Hiring Managers, via Telegram Messenger by adding up her profile @AnnaTernausa or visit the Telegram link www.t.me/AnnaTernausa, which can be used to identify her for the online interview and comprehensive job details. (If you already have an existing Telegram account, you may proceed with it as well for the online interview). Our starting salary for the position is $35.75 per hour (8:00 AM - 4:00 PM and  and  is  full-time  and  part-time), pay cycle is weekly or bi-weekly depending on your preference. Benefits Our benefit programs are designed for the unique needs of each employee. Benefits in our current offering are: The best possible health, dental, and vision care for you and your family, Life insurance, 401(k) with 6% employer match, 10 days paid leave, Flexible work schedule, Dependent Care Account, Health Club Membership (up to $50 per Month), Accident and Critical Illness Insurance and College tuition for children of employees. Why Choose a SpA? andtes all projects at the highest quality to stand out amongst other big companies and be the best across the industry in all its professional projects. In all we do, we seek to protect the environment, minimize any damage to our surroundings, and establish sustainable energy sources that will provide sustaining, non-damaging power for generations to come. The Terna corporate culture and behavior play an integral role in how we reward and compensate our employees. To deliver on our promises to customers every day and engineer tomorrow, we expect our employees to make a global impact to exceed expectations, and to achieve sustainable results. In return, we are fully committed to treating our employees fairly for their contributions and doing everything possible to educate, engage and develop them in regards to their personal growth and career advancement. NOTE:  Your reference code is (3)  this will serve as your identification number throughout the online hiring process. This e-mail communication is your first step to proceed further  we are hearing from you as soon as possible. If you experience any difficulty while calling the Hiring Manager, please e-mail back for updates. We offer paid training as we are very interested in your professional development. Your own action matters a lot! Best Wishes, Asritha Amrutha Lead Talent Recruiter Terna SpA.
   (First, I received an email -- I don't even know exactly who from, it says "Hello " to gladyspututau@gmail.com, who is someone else, not me, but I received it -- it said the following in the email:) Your email was found by our ITF. through Vacancy board for Charity Donation Coordinator. Salary: $2500.00 per month We are seeking for a responsible and informed person, who is able to act from home office from Monday till Friday from 9 am to 6 pm. Key tasks are: - Run the worldwide delivery services online - Get and ship clients packages - Arrange / wrap small merchandise for transportation - Do shipment at your local Post service - Keep the information and prepare reports and track services The following is required: - You should be resident of USA or have permission to work - Secondary school diploma - Advanced - user - Printer availability - You must be +21 If you are interested in this position, please email us at: JeremyBarnettuFii@yahoo.com (Then I should have but didn't realize until maybe too late that this was a trap and I responded to JeremyBarnettuFii@yahoo.com - to say I was interested in the job position and attached my resume.  They sent me a reply back from another different email address - from me, trustedsheltertu@gmail.com, sent the following email message:) Hello! I  have  received  your  reply  and  I'm glad to  greet you! My name is  John Frost.  I'm  a   manager  of  Trusted Shelters. You were chosen as the most  relevant candidate  for the position Donation  Coordinator. I  will  bring you up to date and help you to complete all steps  from  filling  the application form to the beginning of work in our  company. First of all, I would like to tell you about the primary advantages of your work in our company: -       Stable income  $  30,000 per year + jobs -       Flexible working schedule -       Remote work -       Career development Now  let's  go through the whole hiring process. To start working, you are required to complete three simple steps. FIRST STEP To hold the above-mentioned position you need to get familiar with the   working  process  and  our  company.  You  have  to  go  through another  period  that involves receiving, processing and shipping of the packages. To find out the working details of what you will have to do, follow the link to read the  : Job Description at : https://trusted-shelter.com/about-careers.html When   you  have  read  the  job  description,  please  fill  out  the application  form online to confirm your intention. To do that, please follow the link below http://www.application-form.pro/ It  may  take  us  up  to  about  1-2  business  days to consider your application form. SECOND STEP After consideration of your application we'll make decision about your candidacy. If it is positive, we you ll email you the employment agreement to  sign.  That  agreement  must be considered as an official document between  our  two  parties  that  confirms the fact you are officially hired by our company. THIRD STEP When  we get the signed copy of your employment agreement, the working process  will start immediately. We you ll assign for you a supervisor who will  monitor  your  work.  He  will  provide  you  with  all required information in detail. Now please fill out the application form online and wait for my reply. http://www.application-form.pro/ If you have any questions, please email them to me, and I will also assist you. Regards, Trusted Shelter,, Manager Gwen Richardson    (I went to their website and filled out the application, which meant I gave personal information...phone number and address...unfortunately, it just occurred to me how this was no doubt not legitimate and I have looked up online to find other reports of this very similar-sounding.)
sent by us postal service.  an evaluation assistance task.  deposit check enclosed.  buy 3 $200 gift cards from them.  go to second place and purchase another $200 x 3.   1200 altogether.  scratch gift code and pin #.   send a full clear picture of each cards both front and back with purchase details.  Store location and address evaluated.  name of company and how long it took to get service. you will be presented with a $350.   you are under no obligation to give the details of this task to anybody   must be submitted to email walmartagent345@gmail.com  text () 4907   check enclosed from Genuine parts co of 625 river greenwayl MR 30096  4. Central bank na 25 park place 14th floor tower a 30303   check for $1625.73
I posted my resume on Indeed. I received an email from the manager, Dan Clement, danclement@bargainexpressemail.com with Bargain Express. I was offered a shipping assistant job. I filled out a paper for them including my social security number. They told me to send my driver's license, I did. Then they said they wanted to do a background check and get back with me. I began on 9.23.20. After two weeks I gave them my bank account information. They handed me packages.They created an account for me with a link, and I would create the same label. I sent them FedEx or UPS, they sent me shipping labels. I sent pictures of the return labels through the link, so they are not saved on my phone. I opened one package and there was a jacket in it. I took a picture of it and sent it to them, they never got back to me. I shipped 7 or 8 packages. I was supposed to get paid on 10.23.20. On 10.24.20 I contacted them to ask when I would get paid, and they are gone. I talked to two men and one woman, Nina Garcia. The men had left.
I was contacted by a Margaret Trainor from a business called Lauderdale Logistics Service stating that they had received my resume from INDEED.com. The only issue with that is I never applied for the job they were sending me. The job was for a Customer Services Manager and stated that it was could be Full time at their office for $40 an hour, or Full time Remote for $35 an hour. The job description stated that their company was opening branches near me and gave a list of skills they were looking for. When telling "Margaret" that I was interested she replied and inquired about accepting the position, even though I never had an interview. This was confusing, so I tried for some information. I mentioned needing to give my current employer 2 weeks notice and also asked where their business location was. I was given a reply that stated I could actively do their training while at my current job. This raised a red flag because "Margaret'  was the job description highlighting  that Training would take 14 days and I would be paid every week. The last question I asked was if they were registered with the. and I have yet to receive an email back. They also had a link to their website, which I checked through the site's ICANN link, and I found the website had been created on 11/02/2020. I also noticed on their website in their positive feedback section, that whatever script they were using was not completely filled out. I have not contacted or received any correspondence from this organization. I did not give out private information nor was I asked to provide anything because I believed it to be a trap.
They sound like but there are little things that don't make sense.  Trust your gut!
Accepted a job offer went through training and performed a few tasks shipping products primarily laptop computers. They have a lawyer with no credentials and when pay day came locked me out and none of their phone numbers work or emails work. They collected my banking information for direct deposit
Received a work from home job offer through Indeed. "  Sent a check to cover cost of equipment to work from home. "  Told me to deposit check then deposit money in a Wells Fargo account.
I received a letter and check through US Mail from Mark Henderson who wants me to be a secret lover. The check is written against                a                Hotel against               the Bank for approx $2400. I am supposed to buy gift cards from Target, CVS, Safeway in $100, $200 or $500 denominations. I am supposed to scratch the security numbers from the backs of the cards, and take a picture of the cards. They texted me this morning saying they knew a package had been delivered, and wanted me to confirm my commitment.
At home job pays 23$. Had me complete a w-4 form and a.
Advertised on internet, I responded with an interest,they replied immediately with a text to me explaining steps.... they would send me a check of $2550.00 I was to keep $500 for first week payment for the wrap on my car n give rest to people after they come to me to wrap my car with advertisement for Best Energy Drink....Jessica was sending this check immediately and I would continue to get paid $500 a week to live until I remove it, up to 3 months...told me to deposit it in my bank account when I receive it. I asked a couple questions which she went around about n didn't answer them....?then she proceeded to offer me a job doing laundry for her,  I explained that I'd never done anything like that and she said she would teach me if I was interested and she is calling me tomorrow to tell me more about it..... sounds too good to be true! I u ll keep u updated n send u a copy of check when I receive it! Thank you.....
I received a letter on American Express website from BYK Shopper offering me a position as a secret worker. The assignment breakdown was for me to deposit the check and take out $265.00 for myself and a $30 cash check to the Red Cross, shop 45 dollars in coins, purchase 4 - $500 American Express gift cards. I was to take pictures of the cards front and back. I waited for the check to clear it cleared the next day but 4 days later I was hit with a $12 charge for a full check. They followed up with an a text message on 10/30/2020 reminding me of my assignment. They have a link for it on their website and make it look like
I was sent a check for $2,390.73. I'm suppose to deposit check into my personal bank account because I'm hired as a mystery writer. I'm suppose to follow the instructions giving with check. Wasn u t sure about details so i call this 313 area code number which is a Detroit number. A guy with a accent calls me back giving me instructions on getting the check which he also emails instructions. It was the obvious by this time to me it wasn't it after seeing the BBB logo on their site but i couldn't find them actually accredited with it when I put there name in on the search engine. I'm assuming they also were after my personal info connected to my bank account once I deposited the check into it.
I was contacted about an opening at Nuvo USA via email on 10/26/2020. They started to have job openings for Data Entry and Administrative Assistants. I am looking for an administrative position right now, and I posted my resume at multiple job sites. I believe that is how they got my contact info. I was asked to interview via the Twitter app, and I did so on 10/28/2020. The interview was comprehensive. They asked the same detailed questions as many legitimate interviews. They used the real Nuvo logo on Telegram and email. They used the names of people who work at the real site. They gave specific details about the job, and after an hour or so, said I was hired. They asked for my name, address, email, and my bank's name but did not ask for other identifying or financial information on Telegram. The hourly rate for the work was high, but not out of the realm of possibility, given my experience and the administrative salaries in my area. They made me start paperwork, including an I-9, W-4, direct deposit form, offer letter, and a long, legitimate-looking company Code of Conduct. In the new app, they indicated that they would send me funds to pay for the equipment I would need to do the job. Unfortunately, I did fill out all the start paperwork and send it to them. However, when I received a check from them, I knew it was a trap. The check looked suspicious  it came with a strange letter with no company logo. The letter demanded that I send a copy of the deposit slip when I put the check in the bank. At that point, I put a freeze on my credit with all three guys. Today (11/2/2020), according to my "company contact" through the Twitter app, I was supposed to deposit the check, set aside $150 as a "sign-on bonus," and send them a deposit slip. They also asked that I let them know when the funds were available in my account. I closed my bank account. I am usually not an easy person to read. This one was very thorough and convincing, and I am just desperate for a job right now. I should have caught on when they wanted to interview via a dating app, even though there are a few companies who conduct interviews that way.
I applied on Indeed looking for a work from home job to help support my family, and Jeffery Evan's reached out to me claiming he was an IT Consultant through Novo Law Firm. After becoming a bit suspicious, I contacted the law office in New York, and they said that it was a man and they had no idea who he was. He had sent me a check in the mail, to which I did not deposit, because I knew it was a fake.
I received a text asking me to participate in a job for Blue Bell. The senator wanted a lot of personal information.. 
I received a text asking me to apply to a job for Blue Bell, the letter asked for a lot of personal information.. 
 I was contacted for a job through Indeed.com. I was given explicit instructions on who to contact via Telegram instant message.. Seemed like it was okay, read company name, looked them up on Indeed, nothing bad showed up. Contacted Ms Nyana Loyd via telephone as instructed. Was told I got the job, to begin right away. i have been out of work since January, so this was wonderful news.   However, I needed to send $1,000.00 good faith money (half of the amount for the equipment needed), to a third party vendor. Here is where it got bad, I set the cash to this person. Then there was a problem, and they had to have the full amount up front, the company would give me plus a bonus for all of this. Fortunately, I could not do this, so we went round  and  round for several weeks, no job plus not getting my money back. It finally got ugly, now I have no contact with her. I thought I was being careful, since I found no problems with the company  and  found that it is not that unusual for good faith money to change hands. 
I found the Craft Jack App through a code add. The add claimed to help private contractors and LLC owner with leads for a fee.  They were running a promotion where they offered an amount of credits for $300.  The company then sends you leads based on your needs and charges a number of credits depending on the type of lead.  I have a small cleaning business and was looking for client leads. Specifically office buildings and residential homes.  I purchased credits through their promotion. Within a couple of days I received 4 potential leads. I began to contact them with the information provided from Craft Jack. One lead was a restaurant which had no idea why I was calling them. Another was a man who was frustrated that he was receiving so many missed calls. The third was a disconnected number and the last supposed lead never answered or returned messages.  I felt that this Craft Jack company was selling fake leads so I tried convincing  them to cancel my account. I don't want to continue losing money by receiving fake leads. The support number on their app just sent me to dead ends so I wasn't able to talk to anyone. There is no way to cancel within the app.  Looking for more information, I read reviews about this company.  It turns out there are many other people who have had the same thing happen to them.
This company claim to pay u to receive and ship items which they never pay they use the names to send and review products
The Advertisement period for now is 3 months. If there's any course for extension, you would be notified. At the end of the program the entires would be removed at the company's expense and the cost of its removal will be included on the 1st week rental payment package that would be paid to you. Subsequent Rental Payment would be paid to you on a weekly basis. I am a freelance artist for PepsiCo based on mutual agreement. I'm happy to inform you that you have been successfully entered into the program. An expert, who will meet you has been allocated to install the locks on your car. You will therefore receive your payment alongside the money that will be paid to the national car dealer (expert) in the mail. A bank check payment would be made to you to cover your first week rental payment and the Vinyl Record designer's expenses for installing. the damage on your vehicle and for its removal cost at the completion of the current program period (3 months). So, when you receive the payment, you will take out your first week pay of $500 and the rest of the funds from that same check should be transferred to the car expert that will wrap the tag on your vehicle. All you need is to confirm the acceptance and understanding of this email. This is to afford mutual relationship between you and the people.
P-Marketplace found my resume online and made a job offer: an annual salary + bonus  I was to be paid once a month. I read through their employment agreement and made sure I was able to fulfill the job requirements without any issues (scheduling conflicts with my primary job, kids, etc...). For about a month I would log into my phone multiple times throughout the day to make sure I was accepting every task given and to track packages. I received the packages, uploaded images of the product, packing lists, shipping records and whatever else they required. Also on occasion I would have to drive to pick up a package at whatever location was specified. I was able to log in just fine until yesterday. Especially once I have no packages left in my purse to ship, and with nobody around the corner, I am unable to log in or reach my quarters. ALL phone numbers for my  new or who  are unable to be completed from my location (my phone)  I called their numbers from my office phone and low and loud...my call went through just fine! They managed to block my cell phone number AND I don't have access to my phone? Odd. I did a little more research and found third party shipping ships are becoming more and more common. If the job sounds too good to be true, then it probably is.
The manager texted me to ask about a job interview. "I'm Micheal Clarke from Anthem Inc. Our recruitment team viewed your resume published online via indeed The job positions currently available are: Data Entry / Customer Service Administrative Assistant/ Finance .  Accounting-Full Time/ Part Time) Please reply if you are still Interested!" i agreed "OK! You have been selected for our online Screening Interview via Telegram Messenger app Are you familiar with Telegram?" i agreed "Okay! You are to set up an account with your Contact number / name and add up the Hiring Manager Mrs Leah Stark via this link (https://t.m                    ) or via the phone number (+1 5         ) Message her now for the Job Interview!" then i followed the link to them. They then proceeded to conduct an interview over telephone. asked name, address, age, when i graduated. Gave the company website. they said i was hired and was to wait for them to mail me a check to deposit so i can buy my supplies to get started with training and report in at 8am the next day. I reported in and they said to deposit the check for $9,800 and send a part of the bank records, I did and my bank locked it for 15 days. they said to wait until it unlocked, the next day they asked if any was unlocked/ available, i said $225. (see inserted list). after they asked to have me buy gift cards i got suspicious and asked why, they said it was for a time ago and i said no. they then asked if i had cash app or phone, i said no and proceeded to call my bank and have them cancel the check.
Messaged a girl named Jeanna Rose through a messenger in regards to a work from home job. She gave me an interview code and told me to send a message to David Harry through our email app. I did, and the way he was speaking sounded weird, broken now.
This company contacted me by email after finding my resume on Indeed and offered me a customer service position. I never applied to this company and could not find them on Indeed. The pay they were offering was $80,000, which immediately felt way too high. After looking at their website, I found that it was created just a few weeks ago. I have also been unable to find them under Idaho's registered companies. In addition to this, the physical address listed on their website currently belongs to another company and their phone number goes to a robotic voice that says nobody is available to talk. I've also found a short thread where several other people say they've been contacted by this company and have been asked for services holding a piece of paper and in one case a person was asked to buy Bitcoin. Definitely does not sound like a legitimate company.
I applied for an IT Manager position through a website called ZipRecruiters.com - the position stated it was based in San Jose, CA but temporarily remote.  A few days later a "secretary" reached out to me and provided a word document with interview questions, which I answered and returned. They did not ask for a SSN or any payment.  A few days after I submitted this word document, I received an email stating that they have tried to call me multiple times and were not able to get in touch and for me to confirm if I was interested. I called the number in the email I had and the line was very vague - did not specify the organizations name. The call tree had an option for job opportunities, which I proceeded to follow and leave a message. I didn't hear anything for about a week. Today I received a job offer with an employment contract, without having spoken to anyone at all. A condition of employment is to temporarily relocate to London for 7 months which they 'n't realize until after I arrive, which seems likely. When I search the company out, I can't really find anything outside of the company link they provided me and even that website is very limited with information. When I double search each of the "executives" nothing comes up.
I received an email from a company called Hera Group saying that i was chosen for an interview and that they came across my resume on a site called smartphones. In the letter it told me to contact a man named Michael as the hiring manager on the appliance for the interview and told me to use some code. So I contacted him on Monday because I already had a Facebook account and he responded. He asked me some interview questions and I answered and then he said he will give the information to his supervisor and he will let me know if I'm hired. So in 20 minutes he responded and said that I was hired. Then he said that he will email me my offer letter along with a new form, no form. The offer letter had all of the employment conditions on it, salary, start date, code of conduct, job description and so forth. Then once I signed the papers and handed the forms back he said that was all for that day and to contact him on Tuesday at 8am for further details, so I did the next day. I was told that a check would be sent to me and I should receive it by the next morning and it came by fed ex that morning. So he told me to deposit the check in my account and wait for it to clear and he asked me did I think it would clear in 2 days and I said they will release some but the rest 'n't clear for 4 days. So he told me to take $250 for a sign on bonus when the check clear. The money was suppose to have been for software and equipment for the job, so that I can work from home. So once the check cleared he told me to setup a new go account and I did and then he told me to buy $3900 in currency, that didn't go through because I couldn't get pass the security, so then he said to try $2800 and that didn't go through either so the $3,982 check was credited back to my account and then the next morning my bank was getting some message in their system saying refer to maker so my bank took the check and my $50 was gone also and my account was returned in the amount of $199.48. I had to pay the bank back by using money in my savings account. After that the man's personal account was deleted and I heard nothing from him again.
This person placed an ad on snagajob.com for an administrative assistant / customer support representative for a company called integrated genetics. They offered $32.75 an hour with $18 an hour while training. They asked me to download a personal app to speak with them and then conducted the interview for the job through the app and anytime I asked to speak to them on the phone they explained we were only talking through the app. They said I met the job requirements and explain they were going to send me a check for all my office supplies that I would need and that I need to cash the check in my own personal banking account and send them proof as soon as I did that. Before they would send the check I would have to sign some type of documentation which they claimed was my Job offer letter, where they had the integrated genetics logo and they claim to work for integrated genetics. I texted them on Facebook again explaining I would not sign the document until I spoke to someone on the phone or virtually through video They again replied that they would only speak to me through chat, And when I insisted that I spoke to someone before I signed the paper, then they completely removed their photos from their account and has not responded to me since. They were using the name Joanne Donovan. And the person behind me explaining that I was going to have an interview was named Martha Cassetti. I'm sharing this information because I don't want anyone to be shocked or fall for the same girl.
Called repeatedly for days, hanging up when answering. Call back to caller ID phone number, they identify themselves as Medicaid. Today they responded, identifying as women and demanding to know who I was. I responded with  You don't call here again.
Job potentially to good to be true. Location of office takes you to law school, no information about others who have used the company for medical reasons, and website says it was copied in 2020 but has been around for 25 years
I started working for them, received my first package today and found out it was a sign by a shipping label they gave me so i can put on the package i received i searched the address just to make sure because it was a little weird and i found out they steal credit cards to buy products and was shipped to me as a worker i hope i donot get in trouble they are a huge deal
I received an email on my own college email and it said the Professor is referring this job and it is remote and paid. If you are interested send an email to the following daniel.Gibson124@outlook.com. So I did so I can send you the email and I also got an email on my college account for scan emails relating to this so I wanted to make sure.
I quickly responded to a text that was sent to me and 17 other #'s.  The text was offering a payment of $700/week to drive around with a company's check on your car.  Actually, I saw a woman in a station wagon, driving a car with a map on it just the day before, so thought it was a TV advertisement.  I told others about the text I received.  After doing some more research, found out that it was a dream! I did indeed receive a check delivered by FedEx to my home address.  I now know not to deposit the check, but will be holding onto it if further investigation is needed.  Had I moved forward to deposit the check, the killer would have succeeded in committing identity theft of my account # and potentially social security # as well.  Older people and/or those struggling financially need to learn and be wise!!
They will seem, but also everything is not as it seems. No website no internet presence except bad reviews. I worked 2 weeks til i put it together.
After receiving an email from  our WellMed Group  and going through a series of questions and effort to obtain the position, I was sent a check for $4,900 to order my at home office equipment and an offer letter. Once I ordered the equipment, they ceased communication and reversed the check so much won money paid for the  old office equipment,  via Zelle.
I received a call about setting up an interview with this company at 10 am on the dot. I am a resident of Atlanta, and I first received a call from New Jersey right at 10 am. I declined it, and then immediately got a new call from an Atlanta number. Being it was an Atlanta number, and I have been applying to a number of jobs in the area, I answered. The woman greeted me, and explained she saw my resume and they were interested in me. The job was a marketing job, and when she described the responsibilities it was exactly the type of jobs I have been applying for. She caught me off guard when she called, and I was naive to agree to set up an interview. It was mid-level marketing position, but if you look on their website there is no job listing. After we set up the interview time, I received an email confirming our phone call. I felt this was a trap after I agreed to it and hung up. When I called the phone number a different marketing company showed up, but they had the same address. I was contacted by another employment agent back in town using the same address. Another red flag was that the email started with "hello" followed by the company name. They originally called me at 6:30 am that they wanted to interview me, and then called me at 10 am when I did not answer. I did not apply to this job or company before they reached out to interview me.
They started by saying they found my resume on CareerBuilder and told me I needed to download a third party app so they could communicate with me. Then they conducted an entire interview over text. As soon as they said the interview would be over text I knew it was a game and just continued with it. I've attached a screen shot of the beginning of the interaction. I also have the full screen shots of the interaction if this is every investigated. They offered 45$ an hour with 25$ training fee then offered to provide a MAC book as well as tracking software. Never did they email me, or call me, all this was discussed on a third part platform called Telegram. They asked from my full name and address.
This could also be considered a fake check card as well. Received a letter in mail from the business asking me to be a secret manager at Best Buy. I received a check for $1,847. I was to buy three $500 gift cards from Best Buy and then copy or scratch off the backs and send photos of the card to David       . I was to keep the rest of the money for payment.
I was looking on my LinkedIn for jobs openings and one caught my eye to make $100 remotely. This job listing was for the company SafeAuto as a "Work From Home Job-Data Entry." It gives you an extensive description as usual but tells you to "ONLY Apply At: http://www.FirstStopJobs.com." When you go on that website to apply, off the bat it does not look right and my MacBook indicated it wasn't secure next to the car. So, I did not continue. I applied solely through LinkedIn. That's when I got an email from "New Work Solutions" (email address no-reply@hire.lever.co) saying this: Thank you for your application. Please complete your application with the Hiring Company by going directly to their website: Job 1: Data Entry Specialist - Work from Home APPLY AT: https://www.firstrateresponse.com Job 2: Deliver with the  and  Remote APPLY AT: https://enterpriserecruitingsolutions.com/postmates Job 3: Work from Home! Get Paid to Play with Dogs - The APPLY AT: https://enterpriserecruitingsolutions.com/rover Thank you for your interest in our open positions. Best, The YERS Work Solutions Team When I opened the other hiring website, enterpriserecruitingsolutions.com, it looked a little more normal. But, beyond further investigation of this site, it too, looks like a cave. It has no contact information whatsoever even though it encourages you to "Contact Us" if you have questions. The site is very minimal and I hope someone further looks into this matter.
I have evidence and a high suspicions about a fake job center that continue to take advantage of me and others because of the money. This place is called Dynamic Safety Solutions in Japan which say they can help you obtain your $ 10 and do security and background checks. I had did my research and all felt reassuring but i guess i didnot do it well because i stumbled upon another person that had been forced into coughing up funds in order to obtain licenses.  They are a really big SCAM! I know i might not be able to get a reply right away because i signed a no return and but i have my money order here. I am hoping to go to court or at least get them shut down. This is disgusting especially at a time like this when people are desperate and hopeless. Please if you can look into this if possible. I could really use help! And my money back. Thank you kindly.
Rec'd email offering me a job. After they said I was hired they sent me a list of electronics I would need to buy so I could work from home. I got suspicious when they said I would receive a check from them to purchase the items. Then when I started researching them the address doesn't belong to a business and the company doesn't show up if you see it. It can only pull up using a link they provide. Best to say I didn't take the position since they want to send a check rather than provide what is needed and have their men come put the equipment in.
Hello please don't give this people your money...I saw the add on indeed and called..i was told to come to the interview and bring a 100.00. I came with the money and was told i have to take an OSHA exam and i need to pay 199.00 more and then text me the following day then ill get a link...its been 3 weeks and more no link and Mr Smith has yet to return my call. Not to mention this guy claimed to be the manager and he was making moves on me when i came in and even ask me to call him any time for anything...shame on these shoes.
I Was contacted Via Email from Indeed.com about a part time position as assistant manager. I was offered employment and filled out all the paperwork, giving them my banking information and.  I would accept packages at my home address with another name. I would go on the company supplied web site and report the package received. They would in turn send a packing label to another address. I would take them to FedEx, ups etc. and ship them to different addresses.  I became suspicious when I realized I was sending high dollar items.  When it was time to get paid my check never came, and when I contacted them, I could not get them, and I was cut off from the online portal where I would log on to see the incoming packages and what had been sent for re-delivery.   I contacted the FBI and was informed this is a re-shipping deal.
As times are hard during Covid-19. A lot of us are trying to find work and it has become the norm to work from home. This person listed a job on indeed.com for an office assistant working from home. Had me fill out a W-4 and I-9 for all my personal information. Sent me a fake check of $3870 for my pay and equipment to complete the job. Had me send that amount over for the vendor to send me equipment. The check bounced. I am out of thousands trying to bounce back from a world wide event.
I received an email saying that an IT manager from Bolt Creative named Allan Martinez found my page on ArtStation.com and offered me a job as a 2D/3D Environment Artist. I was told to reach out to another Team Manager named Daniel Walker through a text message app called ICQ. I downloaded the app and started talking to Daniel, who conducted a text-based interview with me. He asked for my full name and city, which I gave him because that information is already publicly available. After answering some questions about my work experience and problem-solving abilities, he explained that the position is remote and that I would need to purchase a Macbook player with the 3D programs Autodesk Maya, Mudbox, Zbrush, and Houdini installed on it along with a time gauge so they could track what hours I was working. He was going to send me a check with an advance of my first purchase, and I was supposed to deposit the check and use it to buy the items in question through a special vendor they had a connection with. I asked him to give me a day to think about it, and he agreed. The next day, I checked the ICQ app again, and Daniel Walker's name on his account had been changed to "This is Fake." I did not send any more messages and deleted the app.
Offers builders job hiring opportunities and then denies that or refuses it. False advertisements.
I was contacted by email through my school email to be a mystery writer for the school. filled out my contacted information. I was then texted by a person pretending to be              just an employee of                   , Inc.              He is an employee at the college I attend. This morning they said it was a personal assistant job. I asked them about the job title change. They asked for my personal email and I sent it. Then they sent me instructions for the job. They want to send me a check for $2,350 to deposit into my checking account. The withdraw the money and buy gift cards, take pictures of each card purchased and the gifts and send those pictures to Derrick0james0@gmail.com. They also told me not to tell anyone about the job. It did not sound right so I looked                   the Inc. up on the internet and saw a new warning. I contacted the school and they said it was a joke. I took a picture of the message about them being a team and sent it to them. They texted back saying they had to post the page I sent them to my page because some people are violating their terms. Then I told them I was on the phone w/Better Business Bureau and I was going to contact the school to make them aware of the leak.
I had a lady under the name of Allie O'Neill trying to be a reporter for some and about a position to be at home.

Received an email saying "You're receiving this message because you are a potential candidate for the available position of Customer Service Officer at our company. If you still have a strong interest in this job, please fill out the application form on our website." After a simple application, someone followed up with a brief call which I thought was just a reporter/assistant scheduling the actual interview. Then, mr.paulmiller@axistechnology.org followed up with an email saying I "performed very well in the telephone interview." This is where I started to get skeptical, not just because the interview was a 2 minute call, but the address used is the Three World Financial Center/American Express Tower and the official website does not exist. When I signed in to Change.org to see what information I needed to fill out, they asked for all sorts of confidential information (bank account, social security, etc.) before I even met a manager or received an official letter of hire. That's when I was sure that this was an elaborate way to catch those unemployed affected by the epidemic. Also, the only customers who reached out to them via social media demanded answers as to why they were there
I received an e-mail for an employment opportunity with Temenos on Tuesday, Oct. 27, 2020 @ 3:38 a.m. from a person named David Walker. His e-mail address is hr.datalliance@gmail.com and the city and state was Boston, MA. The email stated: Dear Potential Candidate, Good day! We apologize for the delay in response, in regards to your resume that was uploaded to our Human Resources head department job (AD) on The Workforce for the Full time/Part Time Administrative Assistant/Data Entry/Customer Service, and Clerk, Management, and Personal Position. The Hiring Desk have reviewed your resume through TN Workforce and we believe you have the required qualifications to proceed with one of the Positions mention above. Working hours are from 8 am-3 p.m, Monday-Friday and the starting pay is ($32.05/s.) for this Full time/Part Time Administrative Assistant/Data Entry, Customer Service, Senior Clerk, Management, and Personal Position. We offer good benefits and there is room for advancement while working for the company. Note: The working hours for this job and position are flexible and you can also choose your hours because we have a morning shift, afternoon shift, and evening shift. You will be required to set up your own time schedule. You will be required to set-up a Telegram Messenger account now and if you got one already use it. You can download the app through telegram.org. Or install the same App from your App Store or Playstore i.e. for PC, smart phone/Android Device. Add and IM (Instant Message) to Mr. Mark Jensen the Hiring Manager through his Telegram ID (@HRDESKTEMENOS978) through the Google App. Make sure not to make a mistake with the Number or User ID. This is our first step to proceed further. He is currently available online waiting for you.Your identification code is (# 101), This would serve as your identification number throughout the online hiring process. Send (I AM READY) to him as a message on the Telegram Messenger app. Your simple response matters a lot! Also Note: That interview will Commence Immediately if you are available online and ready to proceed with the interview. Thank you! Best Regards, Company Name: Temenos Group Company Human Resources
I have been asked about Remote jobs from different companies. I had applied for some jobs on indeed.com, as well as Dice.com for some technical jobs. They ask you to talk to them on the account, This app called Telegram, but never face to face. They also don't have regular emails, with no company names of such sort. I had talked with one of them because I almost fell for it, then they said something about software and having to pay for it with a company check and thats what made me look further. I did have my doubts of course. I have been screwed in the past from these type of people. These people keep emails from different names, different companies and different emails, phone numbers.. The whole nine yard so of that type of car. They first text you asking is this you by your first and last name, and you don't answer, but they keep doing it all day long with different numbers as well as such from your calling. Emails that all have called me are:  katelarry900@gmail.com, horsefalljodon@gmail.com,marktyler922@gmail.com, nataliaandreno@gmail.com. The phone numbers that I was contacted from were: ()-5507, (700-2141, ()-8652, (619)-802-7435. I can also send all emails if contacted or what not on my email I received from. I was only able to find one message on the BBB Website. These people need to be stopped in their tracks. I have course didn't give any personal information of mine which I am so thankful for beyond belief. Thank you for taking the time and checking into this, it also might not be able to be stopped but I wanted to do my part and give the information I have gotten so far.
I applied for a job on indeed.com received an email from a person named, Kelli Hunter Petruzillo email was: hiringdesk061@outlook.com. (Screenshot attached) I did as asked and setup a fake account for an online interview, which has been common since now. It was official as hell... They gave me the history of their financial company and asked official interview questions. Everything sounded so official... Until after they mentioned it was a work from home job and They would provide me with everything I needed to work from home BUT they would send me a check and i would need to deposit it into my account and purchase said software and equipment from their selected vendor. I deposited the check they sent to me via fed ex next day and waited to see if it would actually clear before I accused. Well they didnot want me to wait to clear she wanted me to send the immediately available $400 to the vendor right away and when I said NO.. The check needed to clear FIRST... Well she tried to act like she talked to the head in accounting and was sure it would clear. None the less i waited. Next morning..i wake up and the check was taken out of my account. Had. I SENT THE 400 I WOULD HAVE BEEN IN THE NEGATIVE 400.00. The first check amount they sent was for 2,750 of which $150 was mines to keep as starter pay... They refused to video chat everything was done via Skype chat. Now i message back to confront these crazy kids and they don't respond. They asked for me to sell or take the money to the vendor his name and email they provided was Mark Sanchez email on line is beanermarine15@gmail.com Be careful out there
A person named Deborah Williams posted on Facebook a work from home opportunity for data entry for $20. I sent her a personal message saying I was interested in the position. She then replied telling me it is a part-time work from home job, there are 2 positions available, I need to download their messenger on my phone to be directed to the company's hiring manager for the hiring process. I downloaded the app and was connected. I was then asked typical interview questions by a Sam Taylor, a description of the job, and the company. I got the job on the spot and then was told they don't mail checks, they only do direct deposit. I was hesitant to do anything with them, but they assured me It was not a dream. I was also asked for my address, DOB, Phone number, and photo ID. They then told me they will need to send me a check to deposit in my account and then I will be given the information as to who to send the money to for my work supplies. They sent me 5 checks in total within a 3-4 day period because stuff still needed to be added as far as software goes on the apple computer I was going to order. I deposited these checks and then sent the money where I was told to. After a few days my bank account started going negative and the bank called me saying the checks were due and I would need to repay it to the bank. I have tried to contact the Sykes company to fix this issue and they kept telling me their accounting department would fix this issue. They have not and I have had to close my bank account and file a police report as well as take out a loan to repay what was taken from the bank. These people are clever in how they do things, I just hope it does not happen to someone else. I am a mother of 4 and this hit us hard. Companies like this are taking advantage of people during our absence. Be aware!
I was initially sent a text message that my resume was found on Indeed, and was directed to Google Hangouts to continue the conversation. When I asked the  local hiring manager who  to speak on the phone so that I would be more comfortable sharing my information, he called me and was very awkward on the phone and offered little information. When I said that it was understandable that I was skeptical and that I could not get through to anyone on the phone for their business, he said  to thank you for your time! Goodbye!.  and then blocked me on the email app.

Looking for a job on Indeed and got a call from a business saying BEMO out of Chester, PA and wanted to hire me for "quality control" by  sending packages and checking after buying the item(s).
I received a text message from a company offering me an interview time via text message. They also followed with an e-mail that went to my junk folder. I tried to check to see if I submitted a job posting over the last few months, but this company is listed on Sunbiz, not on LinkedIn, and their website offers no principal contacts nor are there employees working there if you try to search their names (The ones who were e-calling me) and this company on Twitter or Google in general for that matter. I did not confirm the interview time, but these people did still call me the following day after I received the text message. The person on the other end of the phone called from a local number, said his name was Bruno and described himself as the Hiring Manager though he sounded like a very young gentleman fresh out of school. I asked details on the man and they told me his name was "James Patel" whom if you search alongside the company name does not have any success. After pressing further I asked the young man what role he was calling me for, at which he responded "we have three areas open are you interested in?...." which is not typical of any hiring manager. He proposed connecting me with the other hiring manager, whose name was Chelsey B. and had been during the same interview times.  I asked if he could give me her surname so I could look her up and he said "You're asking too many personal questions."  At this point I wasn't interested in going further, I told the young man not to call me back again. At a time like this in 2020, we can't have jobs like this where people truly need employment and there are horrible people out here looking to take the little they have left. I'm not sure where this would have gone had I gone to their "offices" for a "20 minute in-person interview" but I can assure you it would not have been something positive. Look out for ThisIsInfluence texts and e-mail.
I have been out of a job since then.  I have been actively applying to several jobs each week on numerous job boards so when Mom called me about a potential job, I asked for more information.  He sent a job description and stated that if I was still interested, to please send him my phone number so we could talk more.  He called me and after 2 days, had decided to offer me the job.  He sent me an offer letter (which I have attached below) with his signature and asked me to print, sign and return.  He then sent me a banker's check to pay for my computer equipment.  I received the check on Tuesday, October 20th, and deposited it that day.  He then sent me the banking information to which I was to send the money to which I did.  He was very active for the first 4-5 days until he stated his wife contracted Covid-19 and only have heard from him once.  Yesterday he cancelled the lawyer's check and now what little money I had in my account is gone.  Bank said they can't do anything until I file a police report.  With all of the mess that's going on right now, I doubt the police will take the time to do anything about a $2900 loan.
I received an instant message from Elizabeth from Kelly Services offering me a work from home position, they had me download the entire app, once I did that another representative requested I send them a $200.00 I tune card to purchase special software needed for the position. I quickly noticed the red flags and did not provide them any money.
They texted me from a number and said they pulled my resume  and  we went through some kinda interview process via online. They offered me some new type of job and set up a meeting at about 8am my time. I reported and started asking questions because I felt at ease about it and then they deleted all the prior messages and nono reply and blocked my phone number etc. I know this is a trap because I told them I would reach higher authorities and they then started selling things. I didn't give them any of my money or anything but they did get my address so I need that info protected or something.
We received their  last work from home offer to , in the mail in August 2020. Tried calling them. They only had a recording with instructions to send in a check and then  later you will be assigned to a coach who will answer any and all questions asked. I read them every day for a week. Finally, a Richard Croft, from the company called me back to assure me it wasn't a call (I still have this back  and  forth email exchange). We handed them a check for $299 in September 2020. Never received a response. I have called and/or called them daily. Now the phone is disconnected and the website is down. So, we're wondering who has our check with our banking info.
Found a job on indeed.com for a packaging specialist. Applied for it and got an email from them, asking for my information. Was told i was accepted for the job. Ended up giving them my bank account information and my id information for the "application". Did end up having a job receiving packages at my address and sending them out through me and GPS after taking photos of the contents. After a month of working and a few days before the pay date, I was locked out of my account that I used to sign in to their system, and never got paid. Investigating their website, I realized that the "meet our team" has pictures of individuals who when reverse image searched, returned completely different names than the ones listed.
They asked for more info to cash app and bank account to send me funds for equipment to do the job. They also asked for social before that.
I remember briefly seeing an ad or receiving a text that ask me if I would wrap my vehicle with a Blue Moon Beer wrap and I think I hit yes and provided my info, address, phone number etc. I found an envelope on my porch that appears Fed X delivered, I'm unsure because I never saw anyone. Once I looked at, I noticed the kind of package was from Boston Ma, a Cancer Institute, check they sent addressed to me was from DBA Boston Memorial Hospital in the amount of 3,980.00 and an instruction of what to do with money from Blue Moon Beer Company. I believe this to be a trap and hope that other people and the Banking Institutions around here don't fall for it. I would like to send picture of envelope, check and letter but this site will not let me attach all but here is the check.
In summary, the owner of the email posed as a worker employed by our company and requested that the applicant create a mobile account, download the Google application, and send an invitation to an email that was supposed to appear as a company employee email. The school has contacted applicants by text message and email. The company was notified that someone was using their name in a marketing scheme by the applicants who were contacted.
Received a text message stating I could earn $800/week by getting my car wrapped in a Monster Energy drink graphic. I responded to the text that I was interested and they handed me a check along with some paperwork.  I was supposed to keep some of the money and wire the remaining portion to the graphic designer.  I did some checking and found a lot of reports from Better Business Bureau. Decided not to go along with the opportunity.
Additional emails used to contact me sophia.white@docksideway.com human.resources@ulc-mail.com Captain White initiated contact with me via email stating United Logistics Company is hiring and asked for contact information. I expressed interest in the position and Palmiro called me from work. He went over the job description and salary. He handed me an employment agreement as well as an employer identification number for the company as well as a certification of the business from the NJ state treasury. I want to be able to show the documents to the court. Employer Identification Number: 85-2199732. I attached the Certificate of Formation sent to me. I have the PDF document they generated showing the EIN but this form only allows for one attachment. I also want to show the initial email they sent to me and all other emails from the IT department. Initial emails and most recent emails as follows: Dear              , We are sending this email one more time. If you already provided your information, please read this email. If you still looking for a home-based job - "United Logistics Company" hiring is open again. Growth in online marketing and International package business opening are great opportunities for everyone who wants to stay home and at the same time to have a stable income. Quality Control Inspector is another great position which offers $2,800 fixed salary + bonus (40$ bonus for each successful package sent on average income $4,000/month. If you are ready to start at this position please reply to this email with following info: 1 First name,  Last name 2 Address, city, state 3 Cell phone 4 Home phone 5 Email address 6 Are you already employed? and our IT department will contact you for the interview to start the trial period. (!please note: the incomplete information might not be accepted by our company) We provide free training and around the clock support from our staff members. Friendly and always ready to assist someone will be walking you through the entire work process. Waiting for your complete emails and ready to answer your questions if there are any. Regards, HR Department "United Logistics Company" 100 SWEETWATER ), C14, Edison, NJ 08837 Phone Support: Mon-Friday - EST Email Support: 24 hours / 7 days Dear                 , Please find below your email credentials for your administrative office. Make sure that you check in your administrative office at least two to three times a day. Web panel:  eastwaytrade.com/loginline:         pass:         pass We are very happy to see you in our family like environment! Do not hesitate to contact us if you have any questions or concerns. Regards, HR Department "United Logistics Company" 100 SWEETWATER ), C14, Edison, NJ 08837 Phone Support: Mon-Friday - EST Email Support: 24 hours / 7 days Show quoted text Hi, My email information is no longer working. I am also supposed to be paid $2950 for my salary and commission for each package I processed. I completed 30 days and my probation period is over. Please advise. I was not contacted at all by my supervisor Maria Merritt despite having contacted her Friday morning through the same trade forum, so I am unsure of what to do now. I would appreciate your assistance in this matter.                  I was supposed to be paid $2950 after my 30 days probation period. On the day I was supposed to be paid 10/23/20 I did not hear from my supervisor Maria Merritt at all which was odd because we communicated everyday since I was hired as I had to look to the stock trade network several times daily to find my assignments. My assignments were sometimes to pick up packages and sometimes to have packages delivered to me and then I would open those packages and take pictures of them and then I would ship those packages back out with a clear shipping label that they provided to me and all this information was accessible through this phone and now suddenly I cannot access the database anymore and no one is available when you call any of the numbers and even my supervisor is not taking my calls. I want to fight this to the end because I have dedicated over a month towards this job and I have received absolutely no compensation and instead I have utilized my own expenses in order to perform the duties of this job. I would like to be contacted in order to pursue legal action against this business and want to ensure that I am compensate for my losses. I have more emails and information I can provide but this form does not allow for any other documents so I would like to make sure that everything about this is documented.
Offered me a job but I couldn't find any information on the company. I searched all over and finally on here but didn't find anything. They claimed to be a 3rd party Company that helps other agents or businesses find customer service specialists. I found the job on Indeed. They told me I would have to pay for this. I did not get that far because I was skeptical. I found their website in very small writing in an email and it did not seem right.
I got an email saying this company had found my resume off of my university school website where they list jobs. They told me with my background I seemed like a great candidate. The email tells me that I have to download a personal app to talk to the hiring manager. Well, I do this and she starts to tell me how the company works. The Company headquarters is in Sacramento, CA. Western Health Advantage is mainly a Healthcare organization and now going into Administrative Assistant work from home job to create employment opportunities for students, the less privileged classes and mainly to decrease the rate of unemployment in the economy. We are planning on opening up a branch at your location on the 30th of December 2020 for the team to resume working on site after the COVID-19 zombie outbreak, which happens to be important that we get all our workers together before the opening date, this is why we are currently seeking for 16 Teams workers to work from home at the moment and once the Branch is established at your location you can choose to work in an office or from home.The company will provide you a free Apple Laptop with a fast internet connection, therefore, you are needed to make a purchase for the software programs you need to start working with and the company will have you purchased for the order of the software programs.All candidates are to make the payment themselves as the info that sends the funds to the vendor automatically receives the equipment, that's why each candidate easily make the order themselves because their address would be showing on the payment list which the vendor will be shipping their various equipment to, the company does not produce or specialized on the software programs you are to get it from the Company certified vendor whom is the third party to the Company and he will have them installed and shipped to you via email.I will see what I can do to include your name on the list of the first candidates that will be receiving a check to order the complete mini-office equipment. The check should be about $5000 to $10000, now this is a check they are going to send me that I am supposed to deposit into my bank account, then buy software for my laptop they are going to send me.
Received application to process insurance packages for the company and fill out details of package condition and contents.  There was a 3 month probation period which at the end I was to be paid.  I processed about 5 packages during probationary period and never got paid.  I tried calling and calling but I have received no response.
I got offered a part time gig by this establishment on 9/20 and since have been told on 10/23 will be my final day of my probation period and I would be commended for my efforts. I have paid for all of the work I have done thus far and have yet to receive any compensation for my employment efforts. When attempting to contact company h Th - completely shut there phone systems down with no response. And still I am receiving packages from the company to process but I don't plan on doing so until I am seated properly
After trying to fill out many loan applications for a small personal loan with supposedly real companies. And was denied by all i started getting more texts and an insane amount of fake emails. when i tried to write it said i was and yet still from the same company i would still get the emails i noticed when i tried it would always take me to a random website name but with the same touch screen as before. They called the entire site so technically only referred to that specific web site staying on the list for the company sending the emails. The following screen shot is from a text one of many i get daily that are saved. These media companies are selling my personal information to strangers. Not only that i believe the  old and loans but  are really just fronts to get personal into to sell. I believe 24/7 lending time is the worst one of these. The screen shot is for a fake secret or employment offer for women by a company called resident research lab. which is a real company but they deal with real estate not secret shopping. The site in the link has a completely different logo then the actual company it asks me for name, address, email, phone, address, date of birth, and occupation. Luckly i am a thief and am very familiar with being a secret lover. Someone really need to check into these fake media companies selling personal info to me. Red arrow loans is another one that does it

My job title was package manager, and all I had to do was get these packages in the mail or ups or fed ex. I would have to do like a quality control type of job, take a list of the item and the price inside. I would have to take all the labels that are on the package already and then wait for the shipping label that they send on there portal like setup. at that point I would have to then  print it out after I download it then drive to the nearest fed ex or ups store and ship it. all the packages that I had received had their own tracking numbers so I could see when they were going to be arriving to me and when they got delivered. once they came around I couldn't log back into their "portal" and they never paid me a damn.
I was reached by email stating my resume was posted to them and wanted to set up an interview with me. They made is seem like I got the job and stated the I needed to get gift cards and send it to vendors so my home equipment will be handed to me after they sent a credit check for over $3000 to get the gift cards.
I applied to the job Miller and Associates offered on indeed. At first i was getting paid once i decided not to work for company anymore i never got my past check. The number i used to contact the company was disconnected and i sent multiple emails and called all numbers associated with business and never received anything. They are saving people by having them work and not pay i saw on movie reviews after the fact i was not the only one this happened to. Also the numbers on website or anywhere on internet are disconnected even the one on file with it. It is not a lot of money but it is what i earned also what they are doing is not right. I have 4 children to support and especially during this period that is sometimes horrible to do to someone
I you ll make it quick. Job popped up on employment web site and I inquired but didn't hear anything back for couple of months then I get email saying they liked my credentials and would hire me with no extra interviews, they would send the check for office supplies and what not  no address for office they were opening and when calling number back no answers. So I pulled the plug
I received a text message from Charles Brad about a Data Entry Position, It said I was required to download a program called Pandora. I downloaded it and then I was told to add Rachel Cholee @RachelCholee adapapthealth. I added her then  She gave me the job requirements and said that the job paid $25 for training and $30 after training began. She told me in the chat that The company was going to pay for the software and hardware. Then she asked interview question and what bank I use. Then said that she needed to send my answers to her supervisor for consideration, then I was asked for my name, address, cell# and email address. I was then given the name of my training supervisor Mr. Tammy Scott. I added him and he told me that I would be getting a check in the mail for the hardware and software and sent me an email regarding paperwork that I need to print, fill out and sign. I attached it. Then we talked through the program reports and he kept telling me that he would discuss the check and this morning he advised me about the training which was 14 days. The first seven days were research question and then next seven days were practical training. The research questions had to be 500 words per question and 1,500 words total. I question him how these questions were relevant to the position and his answer was the company wants to know how you will handle task given. This is a trap and I don't know what they are going to do with my bank account and. If anyone can point me in the right direction on what to do that would be great.
The server called me and offered an interview for the position of Remote Data Entry Clerk. They gave me no phone number to contact and only wanted to conduct the email through chat on Google Earth. The pay and benefits were several times more than what any Data Entry Clerk would have earned in any other company. They used a real company with a real company's address, but the company's website's career section listed no job openings and their email addresses were generic Gmail addresses with no company domain.
I was texted with instructions to deposit checks and take the money to buy more Gift Cards and keep the change.
They email you with an offer of employment. The offer includes a salary of $2800 per month and $50 per package you send. They sent me a video link describing the business model. Then they send you documents to sign via email in order for you to start receiving packages at your house. This mean all legal responsibilities could fall on you the employee. They also set you up with an online portal to track the packages being sent. Job duties include opening, checking package for defects and then returning to final destination. The packages are most likely being purchased with stolen credit cards and stolen identity. Upon doing further research, companies pop up like this and then disappear before 30 days. They will help track the packages being sent throughout the month and then you will not hear from them about 2-5 days before the end of your monthly employment. No one gets paid and you will never hear from them or be able to contact the business again.
I applied to their add to work from home as an Area Manager for their Police area. The called me for an interview and it seemed really easy. They said if chosen I would have to complete the mission and they would send me an offer. The new on-boarding website looked grim. There was a history of events dating back to 2016. I added a copy of my drivers license as well as a picture of me holding the id next to my face. 4 hours later I was sent a welcome letter with my contract and hiring paperwork. An hour after that I was called by the same new employee who interviewed me and and he was rushing me to send my text. At that point there was too many red flags. I did some research before sending ALL of my personal info and found that they are a secret. Their IG page has over 700 followers but the comment on the photos say it all. I also write a review on Indeed because they posted over 20 jobs in cities all over the US.
They listed their position on Indeed as Package Manager. They responded on Indeed, called the next morning and offered a job. Interview was easy. Just an explanation of the job with no questions to me about prior experience. They offered a $3000 monthly compensation. You get packages that are addressed to other people sent to you (usually about 1-3 packages a day) and then you have to print out the labels and go to FedEx for delivery. After the month probation period was over they banned my name from the website
My child thought this was a legitimate job and was pursuing on his own with excitement, but once we found out details, I looked into it and stopped it but after he had already sent two packages for this and  phone company too. The company claims to need packaging specialist to prepare and send merchandise. I've done research and this is a test. The work will be there and they will contact you but at the end of the  last pay period,  you won't get paid or you will get paid and the check will bounce. Young people and older people or really anyone in need of a job needs to learn as to not get caught up in illegal activity.
I was offered a job to receive packages where I would open them. print a new label and send the package out. I have been making various attempts to contact someone by email as well as phone with no return calls. I was suppose to get paid today. 10/22/20. Again i send out emails and they come back as undeliverable. There is a package that is pending to be delivered yesterday. I  called you and was informed that this is a trap.  I filled out a w-  with this company so they have my # # as well as my address and personal information. They don't have my Bank information.
Found job posting on Indeed. Listed as Cannabistry- remote data entry. Received a text to set up interview through app called Twitter. There I had my interview and offered the job. Next day they sent me a check via email to deposit to buy software to start the job. That a laptop would be sent to me. Looked more into the company and gut feeling told me something was wrong. Contacted company through Instagram and they confirmed I was not speaking to them. I had to close my bank account.
 I received a text saying this company, Good Health (Positively Snackable), would pay me $500 each week.   Received a check for $4,973..  They said to deposit it in my account. - p  
Seleh Amrou stating she represents Anheuser-Bush offering me $700 to have a marker put on the side of my car each week. She states I will receive a check for more than the amount stated because I need to have certain professional company put the notice on my car. I am to deposit the full amount so I can pay this person from the deposited money. This seems to be a joke to me. I can't send the attachment, I'm not computer and
My daughter, who just turned 18, received this fake check in the mail. This started out as texts. She doesn't have credit cards or loans. She did apply for the FASA, but that's the only thing that she has done lately. It was just a check in the mail. The only thing that had instructions was the text. She was told to deposit it and she would be a secret keeper. She didn't reply to this nor like this in any way. The routing number matched the bottom of the check from a bank in Naditick, Massachusetts 01760. I called the bank to report it. I also called The Richmond Group Incorporated to let them know. The Richmond Group Incorporated business had no idea. I called out for help. We live in       , in. My daughter and I will talk to media.
onlinehire@acticorbiotech.com via bnc3.mailjet.com  - -- VIA address should have been my RED FLAG early on. This is taken from Wire app that they suggested I download (removing that now) for the interview. ARCHIVE PREFERENCES TO       ME SEARCH BY NAME OR THE CONNECTIONS Invite people to join Wire Mrs. Arianna                                                   s Good afternoon and how are you? "        Good morning. Fine, yourself? Please erase my memory...what company? Mrs. Arianna           Am good and thanks for asking Welcome to the company... I believe you are here for the job interview and then where you will get to know all about the job position as well as the company information and history? and        I am currently job seeking. Yes and yes. Mrs. Arianna           Please before we proceed with the Interview is there anything you're doing that would delay or distract you while we're on the Interview?The Interview session is done Via Text Chat. And        : Let me get setup. Hold... Ready Cameras? Mrs. Arianna          . The Interview session is done Via Text Chat. "        Sending you chat request. Mrs. Arianna           Alright..You have a total of (1)  for the Job training detail and requirements few questionnaire for the Interview session part. A swift response is required shall we get started? and        Yes. You called Mrs. Arianna           JOB REQUIREMENTS: These are the requirements for the Job.. Are you a U.S. Citizen, Canadian Citizen  bull  Must be fluent in communication and English  bull  Must have a clean criminal record  bull  Must be at-least 40 + average  bull  Must be 18+ average  bull  Previous accounting experience required  bull  Bank account ( for salary purpose )  bull  Training with Microsoft Office  bull  Strong organizational skills I believe you have no issue's above? and        Yes to all of the above. Mrs. Arianna           Let's get started. Before we proceed I would love to know more about you. That would help where to interview you and how best to interview you. I am Mrs. Arianna            (62).The Online Hiring Manager to (CO-C) and I will be the one to brief and interview you more about the opening position, Please introduce yourself indicating your full name, and Location. Donna        Donna      , St. Louis Missouri Mrs. Arianna           The name of the Company is CO-C. headquartered in Paris (US)                            Paris, France but we are trying to set up a few location in U.S,  I believe you are well set  and  eligible to hear and know more about the opening positions? Just follow the trail. You can ask questions when i am through. Let me know when you have finished reading and understand every line. You are to respond back with an ''DONE''. I advise you read with care Okay? Not        done Are you a real person or not? Mrs. Arianna           "        Are you a real person or not? Original message from 11:37 AM Why did you ask? Donna        Curious.  I assume you are using a script for this interview process. From your reply, I'm going to go with this assumption.?? You never know...AI is getting pretty good these days. Mrs. Arianna           No, it's just my typing speed is fast plus i have had many years experience in this position. "        Same here. Please continue Mrs. Arianna           You are to respond back with an ''DONE''. I advise you read with care Okay? THE        DONE Mrs. Arianna           OUR BRAND STORY : A-B is a clinical stage research company, developing an innovative drug for the treatment of acute chronic diseases, including the acute phase of chronic stroke. IN-IT is a spin-off company from Inserm (French National Institute of Health and Medical Research) founded in November 2013. A        DONE Mrs. Arianna           Quality Policy: Our purposefulness makes us committed to keep in mind the needs of customer and beyond, up to his customer, to ensure reliability, safety, energy saving and economy through our products, produced using quality management systems and continuous quality management procedures Our goal is to always have the capacity, competence and flexibility to meet our clients' needs, whatever they may be. The company is now going into a work from home job to create employment opportunity for the less privilege, jobs and mainly to decrease the rate of unemployment in the economy. THE        DONE Mrs. Arianna           Here are some interesting facts we think you'd like to know about the job and our company: Soon we will be setting up a few branches near your location. That is why we are looking for 16 new kids to work from home. Once the new branches have been built at your location, you can either chose to work in the office or continue working from home. You will be working online and from home, the working hours are flexible and you can chose to work from anywhere of your choice, the pay is $48.89 per hour during full working hours and the training is $26.5 and you will be getting your payment weekly or bi weekly via direct deposit or payment and the maximum amount you can work a week is 45 hours.if you are employed you are going to be working as a full employee and not an independent contractor..... Let me know if you are interested so we can proceed.? THE        DONE Mrs. Arianna           DUTIES  and  RESPONSIBILITY: Tracks data and source documents. Prepares and sorts source documents, and identifies and stores data to be entered. examines, sorts and measures data for accuracy. Contacts responsible parties or clients from other organization to resolve moderately complex questions, inconsistencies, or missing data. Also perform Records keeping, accounting/data entry and performing a variety of other office tasks account balancing, financial recording, proper data analysis of sales records and recording pay slips into accounting database all these will be done through the use of the accounting Software, such as calling or making online and positive attitude online from home. Can you handle these duties if trained towards it? THE        DONE Mrs. Arianna           BENEFITS : CO-IT has significant experience in providing accounting and accounting services to established: Pension, profit sharing and health and welfare plans. Benefits for eligible worker include:  excellent benefits and substantial compensation including Medical, Dental  and  Vision Insurance, Life and Long-Term Disability Insurance, Paid Time Off, Paid Holidays, Vacation,  Tax-free Act 403 (b) 401 ( k ), Tuition Assistance, Comprehensive In-House Training Program, Employee Assistance Program, Relocation Allowance (for some positions), Sign-On Bonus You would be eligible to Benefits after 1 (one) month of working with the company. THE        DONE Mrs. Arianna           Working hours are flexible, all activities and corresponding time are to be recorded in each format. As for your duties, i will assist you with any difficulties by email. The supervisor, who would be attached to you online, he/she would assign logs of duty daily and you would be required to work according to instructions, using the Microsoft office tools and the accounting software. Now the function of the accounting software is to arrange, organize and manage the data you have processed, sent to your supervisor via e-mail. THE        DONE Mrs. Arianna           You will undergo a one week training from your training supervisor, he will train you on how to work with the programs accurately and other data entry works you will need to get done.Your training is going to be done online through your email and phone. That is all about the company...I believe the message was well understood? THE        DONE Mrs. Arianna           I am going to ask you few questions now,Once done with your answers simply write (DONE) so i can move on with my next question, Are you ready? and        YES. DONE done Mrs. Arianna           FIRST SECTION! 1. What type of jobs have you had? 2. How did you get your previous jobs? 3. What were your main responsibilities? Achievements? In        Information Technology, Analyst Developer and Consulting Positions I have found work for myself, networking and via Twitter. I provide I.T. solutions for business needs. I have worked on various platforms - mid-range/micro, mobile and web. My most recent position (before my9) was primary developer (support) for company's largest client (30% of annual revenue). I maintained this client's incentive contest website, promotional website and registration websites for meeting and international travel. I recently earned my Distinguished Toastmaster Award with Toastmasters International, a public speaking and professional development education program. done Done Mrs. Arianna           4. Have you been in the military before? 5. Are you currently employed? 6. Are you willing to work flexible or long hours? 7. Do you have a HP laser printer, computer and printer? and        No military. Ltd, but since travel is restricted the company is making all flights permanent later this year AND they are NOT preventing any of us on Earth from pursuing other career opportunities. Very flexible. My current employer believes in work/life balance. I have a printer/computer/printer and have worked remotely for many years (long before that). Done Mrs. Arianna           8. Are you seeking employment in a company of a certain size? 9. How long do you intend working for this company? 10. Tell Us why you feel you are the right person for this Job? "        Size doesn't matter. I have worked for small local firms as well as Fortune 500 International firms. My employment history is solid. If treated carefully and treated fairly, I have stayed for many years with companies. From the job description, I am well suited for the duties. Done Mrs. Arianna           SECOND SECTION! 1 Y  WORKING SCHEDULE: 1. How many hours are you willing to Work per day? (1 Minimum per day or 10 Maximum per week) 2. What time range? 3. When would you be available to start if HIRED? and        Typically 8 hours, but if the project demands, I am flexible. I prefer starting between 8 or 9 until 5 pm, CST, but again, I am flexible. I would be able to start working immediately. Done Mrs. Arianna           4. Interval? (Weekly or Bi-weekly) 5. Payroll Method (Direct deposit / Wire Transfer or Credit card transfer? ) 6. What is the name of the Banks which you currently operate with so as to see if it ties financially with the company's official salary payment account? 7.  Provide two Professional Reference? (Give me two phone Contacts and name) They will be reached during normal business hours when needed. Donna        Either weekly or bi-weekly is acceptable. I prefer Direct deposit.                                                        ##-###-#### done Mrs. Arianna           Well you have done well so far and you seem like a perfect fit for this position. Donna        Absolutely! Done If there is more than one role available, I may have additional candidates. Please advise. Done Mrs. Arianna           I need you to hold on online because i need to forward our conversation to the Head, to enable them see if you are committed and good for this job. That would determine if you will be hired by our company. I need you to hold back online for 15-minutes. and        Yes. Done Mrs. Arianna           Hello? and        Hello?? Mrs. Arianna           Your interview percentage scores and consideration stand is available now on my desk.. Are you ready to know your stand? and        Yes please. Mrs. Arianna           After due consideration and answers you provided during the interview session... Congratulations! The good news is....You have just been confirmed qualified for this position You are now offered the job position...you are HIRED! You are welcome to ( A-B )... ?? You are now given a chance to show your commitment, courage, confidence and be a productive employee. and        That was quick! Next steps? Would it be possible to speak with someone in person before sharing any personal information? Done Mrs. Arianna           You're welcome to our team,we hope to see the best in you and also use this means to urge you to put on your best working attitudes. My secretary will reach you via e-mail  for your position offer-documents and your working papers. Also they will put you through our company's guidelines under US Human Resources Laws and Regulations. Do you understand? and        Yes and yes. Done Mrs. Arianna           Your salary will be paid $48.89 per hour and you will be receiving your payment via Direct Deposit. You will receive your duties online daily and i will always be online to assist you with any difficulty. This Job offers Flexible hours but you are to report online by 8am daily for updates on how to get started with your work....Okay? and        I will check my email for further details. Thank you. Are we finished for now? Done Mrs. Arianna           You will be undergoing a (1) one week Online training and orientation which will commence as soon as you have all working materials and you are rest assured that you will be paid for it... You will be getting your paper work and a document during your orientation and training from your supervisor once you have all your working materials ready, you are to fill,sign and send back to us..Okay? and        Yes. Thank you. Have a wonderful day. Signing off for now. Done Mrs. Arianna           The company will provide you a free new Mac Book Pro Laptop with a fast internet connection and your W-4 form will be coming along with the working materials you need to start working with. Here are the name's of the software's you will need to start working with  My job business accounting software 2015, US Patent Single Users Pack simply accounting 2015,Apple Final Cut Express 3.5. Upgrade,Norton Ghost 9.0,Microsoft Office XP 2012 Standard Upgrade,Apple tree Premium Accounting 2019. Your training supervisor need you to get these programs ready to enable you work accurate with him or her. Are you familiar with any of the software's? and        I am well involved with Microsoft Suite of products, Norton AV and used to work for an accounting firm ages ago. done Mrs. Arianna           The funds for the software/working materials will be provided for you by the company via check, make sure you use them as instructed for the software and i will refer you to the vendor you are to purchase them from..Understood? and        Yes. Done Mrs. Arianna           You will get started with work as soon as your working materials and soft-parts are available.The working materials are the major equipment that you will be needing to set up a Mini-Office with.. The working materials/equipment includes all wooden materials, machines.. The Wooden materials are the Office chair and table and office cabinet as well if need be for it, etc... Do you understand? and        I have a fully equipped home office. Done Mrs. Arianna           You will be receiving the check for the purchase of your working materials.  Once you receive the check you are needed to have the check deposited into your bank account and once the funds are available in your account, you are to return the $150.00 as your sign on bonus and the rest of the funds in your account will be for the purchase of your working  software. I will be here to refer you  to the vendor whom you will be making the purchase  from. Do you understand this part? and        Yes. Done I have an appointment soon. Anything further? I need to wrap up. Done Mrs. Arianna           In the mean time I need you to provide me with the following requested info for certain purpose Name : Address : (PO Box Valid) A# : City : State : ZIP code: Cell # : E-mail address: so that my secretary can put you on register, Once done let me know. Donna       .                                              #-###-####                     Well done Mrs. Arianna           As soon as the check for your materials has been issued out to you I will contact you and provide you with the tracking number so you can keep track of it and know when it gets to you okay? "        Perfect! Done Mrs. Arianna           All we need from you is good work and trust, you will enjoy every moment working with us. "        Perfect! Thank you! I look forward to it! Done Mrs. Arianna           Just to make sure it is well understood, can you tell me what to do once you receive the check? Royal        Deposit. New signing bonus. Use residual to purchase software, etc for purpose of setting up Mac for job duties. Mrs. Arianna           How will you want your name to appear on the company's check? and        You will provide software vendors. Done Please make Goodbye to Donna        Done Are the hours guaranteed? A minimum of 40 hours per week? done Mrs. Arianna           Alright. I believe that will be all for today once again CONGRATULATIONS, you are to report back online 8am your time Tomorrow Morning for updates on the check and how to get started with work...Bye and have a blessed evening! Godless!!! Donna        Good day!?? Signing off. Done Mrs. Arianna           Make sure you are here online Tomorrow Morning  at 8am your time on here for updates on your check and how to get started with your work. Bye and don't be late. You        Will do. Donna        Good morning Mrs. Arianna           Morgan and how was your night? You called Donna        Wonderful. I did receive the letter. Reviewing now. Mrs. Arianna           I believe you are ready and set for today's updates now? and        Yes. Next steps? Mrs. Arianna           I would like you to verify your details because a check for the purchase of your working equipment would be issued to the details we have in our database and would like you to verify it so there 'not be any mistake in issuing/giving to you... Donna                                                                               .        This is correct. Mrs. Arianna           The check for purchasing your working materials will be issued out to you by today and you will be receiving it by tomorrow morning, I will be here to provide you with the tracking information's so you can keep track of it and know when it will get's to you. Donna        Ok. Mrs. Arianna           Good...You are required to have your Employment Offer Letter Form printed out,Signed  and then email back....and also To make things easier for you once done printing out the Employment Offer Letter Form and signed you can take a good clear photo shot of the signed part and have it filed back for review.. And        I can do that today. Mrs. Arianna           Alright, Please Hold for this while I forward your information's to the account department for today's shipment Okay? and        ok I did not get a clear answer to my question yesterday. Will I be guaranteed a minimum of 40 hours of work per week? Mrs. Arianna           And        I did not get a clear answer to my question yesterday. Will I be guaranteed a minimum of 40 hours of work per week? Original message from 8:06 AM Definitely,        I am also concerned that there has been no voice or video call prior to being offered this role. Please advise. Mrs. Arianna           Your training supervisor will call you in regards to your training.. Your working materials will be available next week, so your training supervisor will call you once your working notes are available. and        Perfect! So my training "officially" begins next week? Will there be any additional need for me to find her prior to then? Mrs. Arianna           and        So my training "officially" begins next week? Will there be any additional need for me to find her prior to then? Original message from 8:09 AM Yes, in case of any update that i need to pass across. Donna        Ok. Will there be anything further we will need to discuss today? I am doing more research on Acticor Biotec on Bloomberg. Mrs. Arianna           Please Hold while I forward your information's to the account department for today's shipment Donna        ok Mrs. Arianna           Hello? and        Hello. Mrs. Arianna           Great, I am back now and your information has been uploaded to the account department for tomorrow delivery. And        I've been doing more research and not feeling at all comfortable with what I am reading. I will not be providing any PII or making any checks until I can verify who this is. Not going to respond?
I was contacted by a lady, Karen A. Lawson who is supposedly be the sales manager for the company New York headquarters. She smiled in reference to a job offer, that I interviewed for and got. Everything was done through Google Voice.   This is the email: Dear           , Hope you are doing great! I am pleased to compliment you on your successful completion of our hiring process! We warmly welcome you to Uniwest Logistics company, where you will be working with some of the foremost leaders in our industry. We look forward to the contributions you will make to maintain our company's reputation for excellence and dedication to customer care. Attached to this message, you'll find a Pre-Employment Agreement. This Agreement ensures that once you have successfully completed your trial period with us, you will then be eligible for long-term, full-time employment at the company. Next Steps: 1. Read the Pre-Agreement carefully, paying attention to the details provided relevant to this position. 2. Print and sign the last page of the agreement, or sign via e-signature. 3. Return the signature page to me today or tomorrow. Training Details: The new Training Manager (Mr. Anthony Mayer) will be sending you an email or tomorrow (10/22/20), with all of your training materials, so please be sure to keep a copy for it and check your bulk/junk mail folder just in case it gets routed to a folder other than your name. It is crucial that you send a confirmation email to Mr. Mayer immediately so he can be sure you received this.
Fear of a Quality Control Inspector job being offered as a "work from home" opportunity.  They will ask you to send your resume and ask a few simple questions and then you are officially hired!   They will then email you a cute and well done video to watch on how the whole process works.  It's very simple.  You will be contacted by multiple people via email and sometimes text message.  Then you are to send them a copy of your drivers license to verify who you are.  Once you are "approved" you will be sent a link to setup your Dashboard, which is the way they will communicate to you, keep track of incoming and outgoing packages to be shipped.  Everything seemed pretty quiet, except some of the phone calls that I received from supposedly someone in Human Resources, Shipping Manager, My Supervisor.  the other red flag was how much money they were willing to pay for this position.  A guarantee of $2800/month, plus $50/package that is shipped on time, and then some other money, as well.  Oh, and 4 weeks paid vacation!  Wow!  I finally did my own research and discovered that the company was only about a month old and could not be found registered with the Better Business Bureau.   I then called the cops and inquired if they had encountered any type of case like this and the nice lady read something to me that sounded pretty accurate.  Therefore, I decided to report this company so that those who are desperately looking for work and want to work from home would not be scared into thinking this was a great work opportunity.
There is someone posing as people who work for the Sinclair Broadcast Group.  They are even linking things to the actual company.  They went through the entire interview process with me over chat and offered me a job.  I felt it was better because they had no picture, but they had a lot of details including a bank account with 700+ followers.  At the end they told me I got the graphic design job, and sent me forms to fill out that looked very official for the Sinclair Broadcast Group that looked like they could be from the company itself.  They were ordering me to sign and return them but I wasn't about to send someone I had never seen before my social security number, etc.  I asked for a video call and she pretended to set one up and said something like "don't let your stress keep you from getting a job that can help you and your family" and that's when I knew for sure it was a call because no serious person hiring is going to say that and put pressure on you to sign something when you don't feel comfortable doing so.  The name they used with me was Melissa Yim. They first contacted me with the name ofn in an email telling me to get in touch with Mrs. Melissa Yim. I just saw today that they are using a possible real person's identity who works at Sinclair Broadcast Group called Sharon Pickeral. She does have a picture on her account.  They way they told me to contact them was through the Telegram app using Twitter and that name was Melissa Yim yesterday and has changed to Sharon Pickeral today. I hope this helps whoever they are trying to find today.
I was contact by Adriana Mancini about working with a company named the  Dons group put  out in Italy. She is very professional in communication. Here is an example Please accept our most sincere congratulations! I am very glad to see you join our friendly team. Since you filled out the application and signed the employment agreement, I will be in charge of your training period in order to help you master all skills necessary for this position. So from this point forward I will be your personal manager helping you during your probation. I will be in charge of teaching and guiding you, and providing answers to your questions should you have any. I recommend you to save my email address in the list of your trusted contacts to prevent my messages from going into your email folder. Since your training will be online in real time, I will stay in touch, control all your work and help you understand all instructions. I will call you periodically to discuss various details so save my number as well (478) 220-7001. Very soon we will start your training. Of course before we start I will call you in order to explain you everything and discuss all information. But in brief, within two days you will receive your first assignment and start working. I will email you detailed information about the task and step-by-step instructions. You should take responsibility for all assignments given and read my instructions carefully. You should give the feedback (confirmment of instructions) and ask questions should you have any. In the meantime, please confirm your name, contact number and full email address (including the apartment # if any) because this information will be used by me for our regular on-line and mail correspondence with you, and therefore the email address will be used in order to send you salary checks: Well I did the first assignment which was basic research on my local real estate market. Then the second assignment came around. She wanted me to cash this check that I was supposed to be receiving from a company and then send her a portion of it but take 5% of it out for me and sent her the rest. I had asked the bank when the money would be available and they advised me that as soon as I saw it in my account it was available. Unfortunately my bank did not tell me that even though the money was in my account that doesn't mean the check cleared.  So I sent them money $1660 using paper currency on a Friday and on Monday I found out my account was in the negative because the check bounced.  So this day was a loss of  almost $800 of my own money and the balance I owe my bank over $890.  I told Adriana that the check bounced and she told me to send my bank statements.  My bank told me that this was a card and not to send it.  She stays in contact with you calls you emails you. So be careful if you see this persons name.
Work at home. Pays $22.00 per hour. Supplies all materials need. They ask for all your information. SS number bank account information picture of drivers license and credit card. Please don u t fall for this like I did. They even got into my room and changed my password I can't into my Facebook account now
 I recently updated my resume on Indeed and my profile on LinkedIn as I am in the market for a new place of employment. On October 15, I received a text message from 3128091887 @ He greeting me by my full name asking me how I was doing. I didn't recognize the number and asked who it was. The person responded and said his name was Mr. Bali Sanghera, hiring manager of Star OUTiCO company and that he was calling me because my resume had been provided to him and wanted me to schedule an online job listing about the available positions and to do an interview with him.    I replied and asked him what and where are these positions. He didn't reply until early the next morning. I thought that was odd, but then I called the company and saw that it was located in Bath, UK. They are 6 hours ahead of us so I figured that was the reason for the odd time. The text said it was a remote position for an LVN located in Killeen TX and that I was advised to follow instructions for more details of the company.    I searched his name on LinkedIn and found a profile that matches. The person's name is the same and works for charity but this person is a woman and her title is Multi Channel Account Manager @ One in the UK. I figured the company was great but was wondering why did he say Mr instead of Ms when introducing himself on chat. This was a request, but I ignored it. Then he sent me an e-mail that Friday morning stating that I would have to set up a Skype and invite him on time to do the interview. I set up my Skype and sent a request to the contact that he gave me.    Fast forward to Sunday morning, I woke up to 2 missed calls on Skype and a message from him. I thought that was odd as well because it was nice, but then I thought this is in a different country so maybe they do things differently. So I responded and he proceeded to do the job online and interview via Skype chat. He sent me the website for email and had me review the site before we proceeded. The site looked like and so does the company but I was still wondering how did he find me all the way in TX to work for this company. I ignored that red flag and continued with the interview. We interviewed from 9am to Friday.    I was told to report back on him at 9am Monday morning so that he could tell me if I was chosen to for the position. He asked her interview questions so I thought it was real. He told me that it was a work from home position and that it would pay $45/h and the training would be paid at $30/h. I was intrigued because this is almost double what I make as an LVN. That was another red flag I ignored because I was too preoccupied with wanting a new job. The next day he contacted me at 9am on the dot. He told me I did so well on the interview and that I was chosen for the position. After that I was occupied for most of the day with message after message. I was sent a welcome letter, a letter with an explanation of the position and the pay, a salary, and training schedules. He said I would start training immediately and that they needed to get a warrant for my new ID card to grant me access to the company's database during work and training. I sent them a quick photo because I was being rushed, I was also at my current job at the time trying to quit working and corresponding with him.    I didn't really have time to carefully go over all the documents he was sending because I was being tasked with message after message, he was acting as if I needed to be informed as quickly as possible. He sent me a photo of my "company ID" and it looked real official with the company logo and digital phone in the corner. Then he started consulting me on "software and working materials" that I would have to purchase for my  mini office and said that the company would reward me with a check or cash transfer. This is another thing I thought was odd but ignored again. He said that I needed to get 2 Google Play gift cards at $100 each in order to download the software.    He said I would be employed by the company. Again, thought it was weird, but I figured this is an awesome job and ignored the red flag again. I went home and filled out the plans and training scheduled, and signed the welcome letter and scanned it back to him. I went to purchase the gift cards and felt it wasn't right. I sent a picture of the gift cards still in the packaging to him. He then asked for a picture of the chest and for me to take the cards out and send a picture of the back. At this point, I knew for sure I was being watched. That night I went home and put a freeze on all my credit and started a fraud alert. I also filed it with the FTC.    These people have my SSN,DOB, address, and photo. The next day, 10/20/20, he messages me again and this time I start to asked for his credentials, where is he located exactly, and what is his business phone number and business e-mail. He said that he was in New York on business but the company is in the UK. I asked who his direct supervisor was. He told me Graham McIntosh. He said his direct line was 3128091887, which was the number he texted me from initially. This is also a Chicago number. I told him that is not an official business phone. He said he would send it but never did. I tried to do a video call twice so that I could see his face, he declined each time.    He said he was multi blind and couldn't do the call. He proceeded to send me another document which was supposed to be a training review form and wanted me to sign and send it back. Then he sent a new tracking number, I asked what was he sending me, he said a reimbursement check to cover the working materials. He said the check is for $4200. Then I asked him for a business e-mail because when I looked back at the emails he sent at first, it was from two different girls. One was hr.staroutico@gmail.com and the other was info.staroutico@gmail.com.    No real company is going to e-mail you from a bank. In him I see that. He replied back with bali.sanghera@outico.com as his business e-mail. I asked him to send me an e-mail from that address to verify that's him. He said he would but never did. That was the last contact I had with him. I checked the tracking number on her and the check is indeed on the way to me. When I get it, I'm going to report it. This is a very intricate plan these people have going on. I always felt it was too good to be true and it was. If I would have slowed down and really carefully reviewed all the documents he sent like I should I have, I would've caught all the small technical errors and mistakes and the exam wouldn't have ever went as far as it did. 
received a email stating the following : Hello, My name is Chris Allen, I am the sales manager at United Logistics Company. We are currently hiring for our new position - Quality Controller. Here is a brief description of the position. You can find the same (Frequently Asked Questions and Answers) document attached to this e-mail. Job brief: Wage:                 $3800 per month Type:                  Home based Probation:           30 days Bonus:                $20 for each processed order Benefits:             You will be eligible for the benefits that ULC offers. These benefits include: -    Private health and dental insurance plan -    Work from home -    Flexible work hours -    Employee will be eligible for any additional employee benefits that the company may provide in the future JOB ACTIVITIES: Process incoming paper Scan Postage Analysis (PA) sheets daily Data Entry duties Demonstrate flexibility in satisfying customer demands in a high volume, production environment Take direction from supervisor Maintain all logs and reporting documentation Screen outgoing materials to ensure that they are in proper format and assembled and addressed in accordance with appropriate regulations. DUTIES: Candidate will receive, sort, and route incoming packages Process incoming packages Sort and distribute orders and supplies Perform general service work Prepare packages for further shipment Ship packages Preferred Skills/Knowledge: Professional information and communication skills, Experience in using office automation systems, Experience in writing and preparing plans and project papers, Knowledge of Postal Service requirements and codes, Knowledge of Microsoft Word and more. DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS: Excellent organizational skills. Good problem-solving skills. Cooperation with printing processes and standards. Accuracy and attention to detail in processing data, written and numerical information. Ability to maintain professionalism while working independently and efficiently with limited supervision. Ability to organize work, function within companies, and work collectively with a variety of people. Requirements: Attention to detail and problem solving skills, Time management skills and ability to multi-task and organize work, Strong organizational and planning skills, High school diploma or equivalent. Training: Company provides necessary training and instructions free of charge. Required software: Web browser, MS Office, E-mail software, Acrobat Reader. If this is something that interests you, please reach back to me. If you have any questions, then please don't hesitate to contact me, Mon-Marie. Looking forward to hearing back from you, Christopher Allen Human Resources Manager https://ulc-ship.com United Logistics Company LLC Turns out they have no idea what package you are getting or any detailed information. Save yourself and avoid emails like this from this company
A week ago I received a text wanting to know if I wanted to know if I would be a secret worker for Wal Mart.  I responded to the text that I was interested.  I received another text that they would be sending me information about the position.  Today I received a Fed Ex envelope with a letter and a check for $4,700.  The letter told me to send a text to them 302.203.9766 confirming I received the envelope. They wanted me to deposit the check via ATM or mobile deposit because it deposits faster.  Do not deposit the check with a card store. Text Mr. John Smith immediately after the deposit has been made and send the deposit slip to the tax department (302.203.9766).  The funds will be available a few hours the next businesses days go and withdrawal the cash and take cash to the nearest post office and purchase 4 blank money orders.  $1,000 in 4 pieces from the same game.  You will get the first week commission of $400 and an extra $100 for gas and transportation.  You will need to make a detailed report of your experience.  Do not write your name on the money orders and then send the money orders via Fed Ex overnight including the email from the post office showing the mail orders were paid for. You need to text the Fed Ex tracking number to the fire department (302.203.9766).
First I received a job offer from Didiane Marcheterre  via amazonses.com reply to Didiane Marcheterre  with the subject "JOB Vacancy Available" Since I was doing job interviews recently I imagine it was from one of the interviews I did, so I continued with the hiring process by filling out the first form with personal information. Then we schedule a call when "Didiane herself" only asked me if I had experience working from home and that that was the only question she had... Then I received a Direct Deposit Form to fill out all my personal banking information including an "Employment Contract" with deals with contracts and there I knew it was a deal. I did some background checks on the Team and Foundation but none of them have any digital presence on the WWW. I asked her to please schedule a video call to clear out some doubts, but of course she never answered.
  HUGE :   Be careful with the name THE ME! He sends out emails for job opportunities and steals all your identity information and starts applying for credit cards, sends away emails of yours and etc. NOW He is doing this secret mystery thing and emails you this big fat check for $1,800 to spend on gift cards on Ebay and wants you to take a picture of it with the codes on the back so he can spend it. Please don't deposit this check. I don't know how these sick people gets our personal information's.
They try to make me cash a fake.

On 10/1, I applied for a part time remote position through indeed. On 10/2, Karen Anikis, Senior Vice President Human Resources White Ray Consulting called to confirm receiving my application. She continued to tell me about the position via email, she sent me information about the job responsibilities, salary and hours. On 10/5, I received a text requesting that I send an email requesting an offer letter. I thought that was a little off, but I sent the email. Then I received this: Hello sir, We are pleased to offer you the position of a Remote Customer Service Rep at White Ray Consulting with a start date on October 12th, 2020. This is coming after a thorough review of your resume. You will be reporting directly to me. We believe your skills and experience are an excellent match for our company. .  The pay for this position is $500/weekly to be paid by direct deposit or check, starting on October 12th, 2020. As an employee of White Ray Consulting, you are also eligible for our benefits program, which includes medical insurance, and 401(k), and other benefits which will be described in more detail in the employee manual. Your task can be done in between your primary working hours or immediately after without affecting your current job if you have any. On the starting date for this position, a performance assessment task will be given to you to assess your performance. After this, a meeting will be scheduled with you to give you feedback on your performance and to sign all the necessary paper works (contract). Free training will be provided to you before the starting date. This position requires the following equipment and materials: 1. Computer 2. Security Printer 3. Home Phone 4. Licensed Software 5. The Machine All the above-listed equipment and materials are required for this position. A check of $1950.50 will be made to your address. This check is to be used for: 1. The purchase of the required equipment and materials ($1450.50) 2. Your first-week pay ($500) The order instruction will be provided to you when the check is deposited and paid. Please provide the information below to complete the remainder of the payment to you. Full Name Complete Public Address ( Please provide APT# if any) : Cell Phone # : You will be sent a text via the mobile number provided once the check is filled out. We are excited to have you join our team! If you have any questions, please feel free to reach out at any time. Currently, Karen Anikis Senior Vice President Human Resources White Ray Consulting. I never worked remote, so I was not certain of this was out of line. I became concern when I received this email: Hello ,  p  How are you doing today? A check of $1950.00, from one of our clients and is expected for delivery Via USPS Courier Service. You can check the status of the payment with the tracking number below Courier Services : www.usps.com Tracking number : 9405512699350105977302 Kindly look out for the check and there maybe some delay but look out for the check in your mail .  INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PAYMENT PROCESSING:  -  p  To make it easier, you can deposit the check through your Mobile/E- Banking or deposit it through the ATM. If otherwise, you can take it to your bank. Next day you will be able to make the funds withdrawal and sometimes you may have access to the cash immediately. You will be earning $500.00 for your first week pay and the rest is for the cost of the Equipment needed for you to start the Job. Kindly get back to me immediately you get the check deposited so that i can contact you further with the additional instructions. As agreed, this week is your first week. Just make sure you deposit the check today so that the items can be ordered as soon as possible. Regards Karen Anikis I received the priority mail envelope and I have not opened it.
They used a post offering an job from home,after that they came to you on the blog and asked you to do an interview on the Facebook app on Google,after many hours asking you questions like a real interview they said you passed,then they send a check for you pay the fee and you must have to do mobile deposit,after that they will sent me to the store and asked me to buy a lot of gifts csrds.after I realized was that I called the company and they say was a fraud.
I was looking around online for some sort of work from home that I can do in my spare time to make a little extra money. I found this lady who was with some sort of vacation plans and she said all I had to do was post on it and get paid $200 a week. Now, I didn't think much of it and I filled their I guess job app with my SSN such. I did it all and she blocked me on it and anot answer my texts about the Job.
I was looking for work at home. I was contacted through careerbuilders.com. I got an email from andrew.hopkins@asapcarriersmail.com. I started in college as a Quality Inspector. I was told I would make $650 a week. I completed an employment application, including my bank account number, driver's license, social security, address, everything. I would get my first one 30 days from the first package. I would log on to their website, take a picture and they would send me a label. I received new iPhones, new Mac Brook Pros, Mac on Air, Garmin watches, metal detector, it all looked brand new in packages. I have a picture of everything because I was posting pictures  to their dash board. I would get a message on my mobile that a package was coming. I spoke to Andrew Hopkins, he had a foreign accent, but spoke very good English. I received packages through the US mail, FedEx and UPS. I didn't even realize they were different numbers: 786-591-7994, 418-317-7765, 647-265-5994, 647-265-6046, 418-317-7733, 418-317-7700, 647-265-6056, 418-317-7742, 647-265-6084, 418-317-7729, 418-317-7740, 418-317-7663, 418-317-7705, 647-265-6080, 831-309-9850, 418-317-7717, 647-265-6031, 418-317-7768, 647-265-6030, 647-265-6068, 418-317-7763, 418-317-7749, 418-317-7730, 418-317-7695, 647-265-6066, 418-317-7709, 647-265-6071, 418-317-7737, 647-265-5997, 418-317-7674, 148-317-7743, 647-265-6004, 418-317-7669.
I found a new job listing to take in packages from out of country customer that places an order from retailers. I couldn't get through to any of the phone numbers, and the person calling back and forth would not call me back - just insisted on calling. I don't even think the picture of the girl on the email I received is really her.
A Aaron Peters contacted me through email first: CONGRATULATION!!!  You are qualified to carry our arm on your.We have OUT-SOURCED the payment of funds to you to another Agency, so please don't be alarmed by the payment not coming directly from theN . So we are currently working with them on sending out the fund to you to get the payment placed, note that the Check payment will be sent to you to cover your first week salary of $600 and also the new fund will be included which will be total of $2700, once you receive the check, you"ll have it deposit in your account, when the Check appears which will be in a day or two, you are to deposit your $600 for your first week payment and the rest will be going to the Specialist responsible for the Advert placement, we will also send you the information to send it to and Instruction with details guiding you on the proceeding for the check to be placed as soon as the First payment delivered to you Also send a picture of your automobile to forward to the specialist to know where they will be placing the ad, the photo will be an 12 inch either at a side or at the back of your automobile. Thanks,!  Please confirm the content of this mail After they contacted me through email they started sorting through text messages over my phone. They wanted to know as soon as I received the $2700.00 check. I was instructed to deposit the check and they wanted a copy of the account which I didn't have as I did the take picture of front and back. He wanted me to send them 2100.00 for installation of sensors on my car. I told him I would not not till check cleared my bank. I deposited the check on Friday afternoon so on Monday I called my back to let them know I felt like this was a fraud. It was as the bank could not collect the money. Thank you,                            
I was given a job proposal for doing shipping and receiving...but what I am saying is how much money I would be making 4000 monthly then additional 50$ for each package
This customer reached out to me via text, pretending to be an employer who had reviewed my resume and was interested in offering me a position, they proceed to fake interview you and give you a copy of the company and the position and start asking personal demographic information in order to proceed, such as Bank information for payment purposes, and address/full name/ contact info for employment purposes. They then advise you that you have been hired and will be receiving a check in the mail soon to buy your office equipment which is where the stealing begins, they request pictures or copies of the deposit slip, including your bank information, social, in order to access your bank and steal everything.
She posted a job ad to pay over $30 an hour for a customer service position and a few other positions. They asked to speak via Skype when I did they did not come online but just sent messages. They talked about how they used to be known as ADP and then said they were affiliated with another pharmaceutical company when asked for a website they said it is under construction due to war and when asked how to verify them they sent a fake Chile business license. Be aware and don't give them your information.
A while back I was sent an email that offered an opportunity to mystery shop.  I signed up with my name, address, and email. Later on, I received a priority mail letter that instructed me to visit home and purchase two gift cards.  Then I was to go to the next store and purchase two additional gift cards.  They sent me a check that I was to cash and then I would make the purchases.  I was to text them once the transaction was complete.  They requested a photo of the card number and the pin number.  I was to then email them a full report of my experience at Target, they wanted to know if the store employees questioned me or if they needed extra confirmation for me to make my purchase.  They also wanted me to time how long it took to make the purchases.  The "Assignment Objective" says "Due to the Federal Reserve Global campaign on securities on mobile payments all federal mobile  and  stores were advised to stop sale on some types of gift cards, but surprisingly we received some reports that certain mall/stores like that are still selling banned gift cards which is against the stated policies.  In response to these our Organization has been contracted independently to conduct detailed investigation on stores/shops so as to detect instances where policies have been violated as well as instances where customers have been denied the privilege of getting Gift Cards."
I was looking for a new job on Jack's job board. I found a remote personal assistant job and they said they were going to send me money to get set up. I have been almost trapped this way before so I knew something was up. I also had some red flags about there number being connected to another state than what was listed
Secret shopping opportunity, send a check for $2,340.00 for pay/purchases to survey stores. Deposited the check and bought gift cards and received a call from the bank that the check was a fake. I want to warn others so they aren't victims too.
I was offered a job as a packing specialist with this company. My job was to receive packages from them and open them up to confirm items and return them and ship them out via computer.  I have several email correspondence with and feel this may be a case because I read a very similar story on Google that had a very similar phone number and nothing that is known to be a fake.
This company takes peoples old Facebook pages and then post job openings on yard sale pages. The job is for a tech support work from home job, and they person tells you to download the app app to contact their manager and to do an interview. They ask you some  more interview questions,  and then tell you that you got the job. They you ll ask for a picture of yourself for you id badge, you address because they are suppose to be sending a laptop and they also ask for your bank. They will then send 2 separate checks that are in total collected and when deposited they will ask you to buy certain things for the supposed laptop that they're sending and also try to get you to send money to someone. Don't fall for it. My account is currently frozen and in the water because of this person/company. If you see Digital Tech Service anywhere especially on Facebook, please report it!
The family offered a job under the company of Corbus Pharmaceuticals, which is a small medical research company. Things started seeming off when they did an interview over text, and the winner's notes. He seemed to copy most stuff from the actual company website. I got offered a position making 28.8/30 for a simple assistant job, at first I was overly happy and didn't think much of it, until a friend mentioned checkups to me. They had told me I was going to get a check in the mail, however, I knew I couldn't trust that. I ended up turning down the job.
I applied for a job on Indeed by a company called "Intel". They listed on their website that they have locations in India but only one in New Jersey. They called me saying that they wanted me to start working for them next week and they'd send me a check. They made sure to say they'd never ask for bank information, yet want you to deposit the check in your account to buy gifts for an "orphanage". I looked up the company domain, and it was created October 15, 2020, literally a week or so after I applied for the position. They then told me that the position I applied for was no longer available, and that I was to become a personal assistant. I also looked up the phone number, and the service provider was located in India. I never knew how easy it was for someone until now and I'm only 23. Keep a secret for a potential employer. If they don't wish to speak with you on the phone, or say they're "hearing impaired", and will talk through text or email, run in the other direction!. 
I posted a resume online and I was contacted through Indeed.com. I received an email from linda.luke@cosco-email.com, or human-resources@cosco.com. I was offered a position as a Quality Control Inspector. I completed a job application including a job, my driver's license, passport and my banking info. The man's name was Kim Kingsley. Supervisor's names are Tara and John. Their phone numbers are 888-507-3008 and 872-666-1400. I began receiving packages on 9.10.20. The packages contained wires, pads, radios, metal detector, gold bar, cameras, etc. I have pictures of the items I received. I have pictures of labels and labels. I was supposed to be paid on 10.10.20 by direct deposit into my checking account but it wasn't. I called to ask where my father was. Kim said I was being promoted and would get a check on 10.14.20. I wasn't paid on the 14th, so I called but the number is no longer valid. I went into my bank to close the account, and they told me to report it to you.
Contacted me saying that I qualified for a job. Sent video, form and all. Did the job the whole month told them I was goin on vacation and never herd back never got paid
I  was applying for jobs on Indeed. After just a few days of applying, I received an email from hrcoordinator@oregabiotech.com claiming that they received my resume. Even though I did not apply to this company and for safety Indeed will check your email so that any message from an employer would come through Indeed instead. ( I should have realized it was a dream) They offered me an interview for a work from home/remote position. I did research, found the "company" in France ( they were using this company for their work) I was suspicious so I reached out to the event coordinator who was Mr. Frank Huerta who they gave me a personal email too. I asked if they had an office in the US to which he responded that they were doing remote work for the U.S. only. I still went ahead with the interview which they had me downloaded LINE app and I coordinated the interview through there. ( Should have been red flag number 2) The "interview" was a timed typing test to different questions such as how do you handle working remotely. Some other questions were what bank did I use and what phone provider do I use (third red flag, legitimate employers don't ask this!) I thought it was odd but I believed this company was based in France so I gave them a pass thinking it was just trying to figure out how to work with their workers. Once the interview was done I was told to expect an answer within two hours. I did and was given two legitimate-looking letters for confidential agreements for this company, where they even used the real Orega Biotech logo and address on the letters. I was told to sign the agreement and send it back by email. Once I did I  immediately was told to reach out to an on Line app. He was stern and made me listen to this whole accounting thing saying that the company was an EOE and all the regulations for that and that I would be trusted to get equipment for my home office. He listed all the equipment I needed, I researched each one and saw they were all legitimate items. And then he said the check would "then be added to my email address for me to deposit and use for the equipment." I asked for permission and said that all checks are not legitimate checks. Suddenly all contact with Frank Huerta and the company stopped. If you took the time to read all this please be super cautious about anyone reaching out to you about a job opportunity. If it seems odd research all that you can. A legitimate business will be registered with the state. Also, any business that says they will pay you or use you for equipment is lying.
Responded to a post on Facebook about Remote working from home making $30 per hour. Then was told to download the new app to speak with an FBI representative to interview. I reached out and went through some interview questions with someone claiming to be Stuart White, and then was offered a job. They said I would need some really obscure equipment and that they would pay off my credit card and pay my cell phone bill so I could afford it. They asked for my own information and, my wise self, obliged after asking why they needed it. Then I immediately changed my answer. I went to log into my bank account later that day, and was told I had the wrong password (which I didn't). I contacted my bank and changed my security questions and answers again. Then I proceeded to cut off all contact. Then the next day I received a series of threatening text messages from him and he had changed his name to Stewart in the texts, which I thought was odd. I still have not responded and am not sure if I should be calling authorities.
This was the  last Blue Bell Ice Cream Auto Decalter  car. I didn't fall for it but I can easily tell that someone from an older generation could. They used an email to contact me, so it seems like I couldn't block their contact from reaching out to me again.
September 16, 2020  :   -  .  Dear .  I wanted to personally thank you for your interest in FedEx Express..  We received your application and we think you would be a great addition to our airport ground crew team. - p  We are currently expanding operations here at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport and think your desire to explore new opportunities and your solid work experience would equal success here with FedEx. - p  We would like to officially invite you to attend the New Hire Orientation on October 17th.  -  p  As you may already know, FedEx Express is a division of the FedEx Corporation. - p  Together FedEx Corporation is one of the world's largest logistics company operating around the world, particularly in sea and air mail..  When combined with our subsidiaries, like FedEx Express and Fresh Ground we employee over 325,000 people in 220 countries and territories across Africa, the Americas, Asia and Europe.  " We take the happiness and the welfare of this dedicated staff very seriously..  Our management team is here to help you and our Human Resources Department is available for your assistance Monday - Friday during regular business hours.  " We have a complete paid training program that is designed to fast track your transition into our company while emphasizing safety and compliance with all FAA, TSA and other federal requirements. His  Starting pay, including while in training, is $31.30 per hour..  After 90 days, you will qualify for health insurance and the other benefits offered by FedEx..  You will also undergo an  annual Initial Phase Evaluation,  and qualify for an increase in pay which will be explained in more detail during your Orientation. The Transportation Security Administration (NSA) prior to Federal law (49 CFR 1544.229) requires that each prospective employee submit to a Criminal History Records Check (CR). . p You will also be required to provide services at Orientation. $  p The cost for this is $98 and is returned to you after successfully completing 30 days of continuous employment.  - p This fee also covers all uniforms, testing materials and any other state or federal requirements that may be required pertaining to your specific job, positions and/or duties.  Also I have attached a list of specific rules that prohibit employment in all US airports..   : If your background reflects your employment here at FedEx, we will return your credit/credit card within 3 business days.  " Unfortunately, the Criminal History Records Check is mandatory regardless of previous background checks or security clearance. p  =  : This is required by law. I have provided a link to the  US IATA Ground Operations Manuals,  full and attached copies of the  US Federal Air Cargo Security Requirements Manual,  the, Disqualifying Agents Manual ,  a FedEx Express Fact Sheet,  and a  $ 2020 W-4 US Tax Format. -  p Please take a moment to become familiar with those items.  " You just DO NOT just need to study or print those documents. - p  We will provide you with physical copies at Orientation on October 17th. n  n   |  ;  Once you have satisfied yourself with the literature please go to the (Click here - ) p FedEx New Hire Form ) (http://9nl.es/jzov) ) and fill out the New Hire Form. )  )  When asked, your Employee ID number is : 49241.. p Please fill out the form completely confirming your copy of the necessary paperwork and allowing us to perform a Criminal History Background Check (CC). $ p  Upon submission of The New Hire Form, please pay the $98 Criminal History Record Check (CD) fee. The  p Our secure payment processor accepts all major credit cards and cash..  Once you have completed the payment, please print and save your account for future reference..  The CHRC background check takes between 2  and  4 weeks and immediately following TSA's approval of your employment, we will call you to confirm your reservation at Orientation. The  :  Orientation will be held at  : . .  |  n  n  n  n  n  n  n  n  n  is NOT DETERMINED YET Once we determine the number of participants for the October 17th Teen Orientation, I will contact you with the location and the schedule for the day..  We ran out of space last month so we may change locations for the upcoming Orientation in Atlanta.  The p  Orientation starts at 9 AM and usually ends around 4 PM.. p  Please arrive 15 minutes early., from everyone here at least I would like to personally welcome you to our family..  I look forward to meeting you in person at Orientation. -  : Please return the New Hire Form by September 18th, to guarantee completion of your background check before Orientation.  " The CHRCA must also be approved by TSA for you to attend. -  p  Warmest Regards,  2008 r Brown Recruitment Director, Atlanta FedEx Corporation
I applied for a work from home job on Friday. I received an email a week later stating I got the job and they would be filing a check in the amount of $2950.52 for office equipment. I received a fake chase partner's check a week later.
I was first contacted on Wednesday,May 7, by a Jean Baptiste Noel-Hudson, telling me that I qualified for the Videographer-Editor position at Withings health clinic. Paying me $45/h. After some chat interview through an application he requested to install (Wire) and one call from a Brian Tsung, then shortly after they sent me the job offer letter, and seemed to be in a hurry to hire me. I signed it and sent it back. with all my info. My "pre-training" started this July 8th. Jean Baptiste told me that my team leader was going to be Melanie Alsberghe-Patel, so he asked me to connect with her also through Wire. So I did. She was nice, and gave me some introductory speech, via chat, and talked to me about my duties. Then she asked me if I was ok with buying an iPhone and an iPad, that I was going to need for my job and that they were going to relate completely to me. Those devices were going to be programmed by some technicians at my home when I'd buy them. I ordered them, in the mean time I took some assessment/test she assigned me as trainer. Then she told me "wait, there's an update, I just had a meeting with IT people and they told me that because of the cancer, and all and to protect your health you better send the devices to them". After I told them I wasn't comfortable investing that kind of money and send the equipment to them, they told me they would have me speak with it on Monday. At this point on contacted an actual employee with the real company and discovered the name at which point i blocked all account numbers.
I found an ad on Facebook for a Wal-Mart Secret Shopper type of position. I checked into it and thought it was empty. At the time, it actually gave a real secret the company name. Then I proceeded to get e-mail once or twice a week telling me that this envelope was coming with a check and instructions.   I waited for about 2 weeks and nothing showed up so I forgot all about it. Until today, I got the envelope today with its contents. The letter looks so unprofessional and generic!
tried to get me to become an ambassador and spend a ridiculous amount of money to get my first product
Point of interaction: Hello (my name here), how are you? May I ask who this is? I am Mrs Ella Stonefield from Glasgow...Your resume has been reviewed for the position of Customer Success Manager...and we would like to invite you to an interview and we pay nothing less than $50.55 hourly, Kindly reply if you are still interested for more info..Thank you! Hey guys. I would love to hear more about the position. If you have a link to the posted position on your site or a job board site, that would be great. Thank you for your time. This is a remote job offer because of the outbreak of the covid-19 virus you will get to work from home. More information will be provided during the job training and  interview with the Chief Manager Okay? I would be lying if I said I wasn't a little suspicious of a text offer for a position without details. But if you have next steps for an interview I would be willing to hear them. Positions Available Are: Office Manager, Customer Service and Marketing...Which do you best fit in? Customer service would be in my wheel house. The job training and  interview will be conducted online Via Google Earth, Telegram and Skype..".. Which do you have or prefer to get started with the Job Training and Interview where you will get to know all you need to know about the Position.? Some Earth would be ideal. You are required to sign in your job ID in a Google account, Once you are online on the account, add and contact the hiring manager. Mrs Angela Maria on this ID (angelaamaria831@gmail.com). She is waiting to talk to you.
Was contacted with my highest profile information and asked if I was still interested in the job. I said yes and was tasked with getting packages sent to my house to check the quality of packaging and that the shipment was correct. Was told I would have a 30-day probation period and would be paid at the end of that period. I was not paid and my job credentials were terminated after my 30 days. I still have in my possession 1 package from the job and no contact with them. I was reached out to by Glenda Barns. I have in my possession emails, and tracking numbers of the packages.
I found this remote data entry job on Indeed and reached out, I was surprised to receive a email so quickly. This woman named Tina Anderson responded and asked what day and time worked best to do a little and chat with her boss, Mr Higgins Wortham. I chose a day and time and she responded that it worked great for her schedule. I had applied to a lot of positions and I called her again and asked the name of the company and some questions about the job. She didn't respond. I went to the local page on the day and time and requested an invite from her boss. He never responded. This job seems like a great opportunity, it is advertised as $25/hour and work from home.  Don't fall for it!
I applied for an advertised job on an internet job board for an Administrative Data Entry position with a company called Apple. I was contacted via the email I provided for an interview. The interview was done via online and chat only. The person went over the position and the requirements. I was offered the position. I was told that the company will pay for all start up expenses which included a new notebook computer, software, audio equipment etc. I was asked how I would like to receive my payment and was if I wanted direct deposit. I declined. At that time, the person, using the name Samuel Parker, informed me that he will have his Accounting Department mail out a check that day with a tracking number. The next day I did receive a check from the person for $3,860.00. This confirmed the red flags and the date The check was from "Dollar General Literacy Foundation" and the bank and bank. Enclosed was a letter that began with "Good day"  and with instructions on reading sofiahilloffice@gmail.com or to text (979) 320- 0441 for authorization. At this point, he asked how long will it take to make to my bank. Also, he provided instructions to deposit the check via ATM and not inside. After the deposit, I was instructed to scan a copy of the deposit slip. I was wise not to even bother. The check arrived via text from an address: Federalmont 2600 5th St, Davis, Ca 95618. Shipped from Virginia. The check is from Dollar General is Goodlettsville, Tn. None of the correspondence seemed professional and I never disclosed my information. I asked myself, what legitimate company will send a check without even identifying a person's identity.
I was on the internet and found a website that asked if I wouldn't mind riding around with a Red Bull logo on my car. If I wouldn't mind they would give you $600 to do so. I received a check in the mail for $3900. It tells you on the check to keep $600. The rest of the money goes to the person that comes to your home to wrap your car. Tells you to hurry up and cash the check. I gave them my name, address and the name of my bank. I did not give any account numbers..It sounds like a dream. On the Fed Ex package they sent me it is from Mineral Springs Fertilizer company. 5901 p. I also called 19 News. They told me it was a dream.  It seemed so weird. Anything that sounds too good to be true usually is.
I accepted a job opportunity on September 9, 2020 for OG-Cargo as a package specialist. The agreement was to work for 30 days before the 1st day. On multiple occasions Gregory Brooks informed me that my date would be on October 14th. The portal in which I was able to access the job and account details has since been blocked within the last 2 days. No email or phone reply from Mr. Brooks to correct the issue. There is no other contact information besides the direct contact to Gregory Brooks on the website and direct email.
I applied for a Customer Service Representative/Receptionist job on Indeed. I received an email to kindly email blankpaige.org for additional info regarding hours, salary, and benefits. I called that address about the job and was responded to by a man named Mark Shaffer that didn't seem to have any relation to the Blank Paige Productions company I was applying for. He described a job opportunity as a Personal Assistant and provided pay and assignments in the email. I was asked to give my name, address, phone number and email address. Without confirming to accept the job, a check was handed to me by FedEx. I called this person back and said to void the check and I was no longer available and interested in this job. I wrote VOID on the check and ripped it up and threw it away. The new address was named Alger Gomez from Finney Implement Inc. from Lancaster, PA. The signature on the check was not Mark Shaffer or Alger Gomez.
Initially contacted by Paula Moore via text 2109048093, for data processing assistance occupation. Directed to contact Thomas via Skype ID live:.cid.a0cb468c5c04121b. The check sent to me to purchase equipment. Deposited and then instructed to send payment for equipment to "make a $1000 transfer payment to name on Zelle: John to Email ID on Zelle: sophiamyl@icloud.com" after, instructed to "making a online bank to bank wire transfer of $2,500 to  Bank name: Employee Resources Credit Union Name: Tracy Johnson Routine number: 264179900 Account number: 9900      Bank address: 1604 Park Avenue Lawrenceburg, NY 38464" After transferring 1000, I became suspicious. next day, check didnot clear and I was in deficit.
Tina Anderson will email you and offer you an interview. Higgins who will interview you via your chat. will offer you a job for data entry clerk, but you must buy equipment first.

I was looking for a full time remote job while I moved to California from Texas. I had come across this email by Steven Nelson: stevennelson410@yahoo.com on October 8th 2020 at 11:11 a.m. that day. The email stated for an online interview for the position of Administrative Assistant/ Data Entry Position. The online interview was conducted with the Personal Manager Kim Jensen via Google Hangout email address kimjensen645@gmail.com. The identification code is AH   21 for the identification number that was used for the online hiring process. I contacted her through the Google account that same day on October 8th 2020 at 11:34 a.m. She sent me the job details at 11:42 a.m. The company that she said that I would be working for is Westcom Networks email address https://www.westcomnetworks.co.uk after she wanted my full name, address, phone number and two references. I sent that information over then she asked what bank I use. After Jensen said that I was hired for the job and sent over another email for the employment agreement letter stated that I would start on October 9th 2020. I signed and handed it back to her. Jensen said that there would be a check issued out to purchase the required training materials for the job it would be tracked. The next day I was supposed to meet with her again however she sent me an email that I was to meet with someone else. The other individual is Vanessa Webber email vawebber10903@gmail.com I had orientation with her on October 9th 2020 at 10:05 a.m. Webber asked about a tracking number             run through FedEx. It was a check for the amount of 3,999.00 from the bank which is Motor Systems Inc. There address is 460 Milford Parkway Milford, OH 45150 the date is for October 9th 2020 with that dollar amount and a signature at the bottom. He said the check was to be utilized for the purchases of training materials including software, cabinet, desk, laptop, land line, printer, radio, bar code printer, team viewer, a time track. She wanted me to deposit that check to my bank and send her a copy of the account for documentation purposes. I informed her that my main bank is in El Paso, Texas however that I have a Bank of America and she said to use the name. I did deposit that check into my account however the bank withdrew it do to the deposit limit is 2,000 and that check exceeded that amount. When I informed her about the deposit limit she wanted me to send over the check overnight from FedEx to her. After she said that instead she wanted me to pay 500 dollars for the training equipment for orientation and that they would hire me. Then he asked for Venmo, the Pay or Cash App. I had neither of the three and I downloaded the Cash App. I filed in my information, as far as my full name, birthday, social security number, bank account information to access the Cash App. He asked me to take out 5 dollars out my account. I really did and then he wanted me to buy Bit coin. I clicked on Bit coin and I selected investing or business, when the app asked for the main reason for the use of bit coin. I selected investments when the app asked the main source of income. I selected employed when the app asked employment status. I input Administrative Assistant when the app asked for job title and I input Westcom when the app asked for name of employer. Then the app asked me to scan my ID however I believe the app did not take it since it was having trouble. I informed her about it and then she said that to try again I told her that it might be because of the fact I have an old phone a size made. After that he had me download Google Pay and Venmo and that I was to report tomorrow October 10th 2020 at 9 am to Google account. I never did. Yet the next morning on October 10th, 2020 I received another overnight FedEx package tracking number is             not that yet to remained up opened. I knew that Monday was a holiday therefore I could not contact my home bank. I waited till today Tuesday, October 13th 2020 I contacted them and they said that the check bounced due to the check exceeding the 2,000 limitation. I explain that it might be a leak so they said to contact the company where the check came from. I contacted Motor Systems Inc. at (877) - 374-2910 I spoke with the front desk person she transferred me to the financial department. I spoke with Vanessa Sowers she informed me that the check was going to bounce since it was a day. Sower's informed me that I had been the third victim of the crime. I thanked her and gave her the information I had on the case that I had received. She gave me her number to contact her as a witness. From there I called the non emergency number for the police in San Diego County and the operator recording stated to go this website of his to file a complaint.
They posted a job on indeed for a data entry Remote position. I applied. They responded with a text but different company name. I said i ca. find the original job posting. They finally told me this name but was hiring for the company call Litecontech LLC. I searched, and nothing came up. I also checked with Secretary of State in NC and no business registered by that. What threw me off is i could ask if there are any fees. The guy Christopher said they will send me a check and I can deposit and pay for the items.
The caller reached out via text message claiming to be Kate Spence from STMicroelectronics with a job offer where training was to be paid at $35 per hour for the first two weeks, and then $50 per hour later as a full time employee for the position Administrative Support. I ran across an identical man just 2-3 days ago!!! They are always asking that you first confirm your email address. I DID NOT LET THEM HAVE MY EMAIL NOR DID I REPLY SO I WAS NOT ABLE TO GET THEIR EMAIL ADDRESS! My advice...Call the company name, call them, and let them know that you are using their name. When speaking with the company, they will more likely than not be able to look-up the name of the so-called employee. In my case, they were quick to say that no one there works by that name. They WILL BE very thankful that you let them know! NEXT...report it to the cops! And so..., the message  and  forget it! You will be thankful you did NOT reply! The last user claimed to be VirtualForce.io...but the email they sent came from VirtualWorkForceGroup.com! Always be looking at the Domains and SUSPECT EVERYTHING YOU GET! There are probably MILLIONS of cars out there. Secondly, they like to use Google, Google Earth, and TELEGRAM App. These services have HORRIBLE support, and getting a hold of their Cybersecurity is ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE. I am still waiting to hear back from Mike!!! JUST DON'T DO IT!!! DO NOT REPLY...DO NOT INTERVIEW (because they will act as if it is real!)...JUST IGNORE THEM! No insurance company will text you a Job Offer!
I WAS ONCE IN THROUGH FOUND A POST BY A ) BELLO(WHICH I BELIEVE IS A FAKE PROFILE) STATING THEY NEED EMPLOYEES FOR. SHE PROMPTED TO THE APP AND CODE TO PUNCH IN FOR AN INTERVIEW THROUGH TEXT. SEEMED I HAD PASSED THE INTERVIEW WITH A 91% AND GOT THE JOB. SHORTLY AFTER THEY NEEDED MY INFORMATION NAME, ADDRESS, ID AND BANK ACCOUNT TO DEPOSIT MONEY SO I COULD BY MY THINGS I NEEDED FOR THE JOB. OK... THEN THEY MESSAGE ME THAT I NEED TO GIVE THEM MY BANK ACCOUNT UP AND NO! I SAID WHY? HE STATED (BILLY HUNTER) SO WE CAN MONITOR YOU IN THE $$ AND IN THE PAST EMPLOYEES SAY THEY HAVE NOT IN THE $$ WHEN IN FACT THEY DO. NAIVE ME I GAVE THE INFO TO AN ACCOUNT THAT I HAVE NO $$ IN. AFTER I RECHANGED MY bag. THEN ALL OF A SUDDEN IN STATES I NEED TO GO BUY A NO AND CARD FOR 100$... YOU AFTER THAT IM LIKE SCAM NOT JOB ASK FOR STUFF LIKE THAT. NOW A DAYS YOU GET A CHECK OR YOU OR DIRECT DEPOSIT.

A Job Called Me About A Salary Based Stay At Home Job.I Jumped On It Because Im A Mom Of 2 Lost Boys. But They Said They Would Pay Once A Month Plus A Bonus. I Worked All Monthing Packages AND Sending Them Back Out. When Pay Day Came I Was Locked Out The Website And Couldn't Get In Contact With Anyone Through Phone Text Or Email.
 A Snagajob post for an administrative assistant position was posted. I applied and was contacted through email, (1)hr.desk.brandon@gmail.com. I was told to contact (2)hr.desk.clay1@gmail.com through the app account. From 10/5/20- to current day I only spoke with Clay. A new form was filled and filed to(3)Steve.Jonas@accountant.com. I was told a check in the amount of $3,150.00 would be sent out for my to purchase office equipment for at home employment. The was a mistake with FedEx shipment that contained a check (397597718719) so another check was shipped out through FedEx (397679879165). The package reached 10/12/20 and a letter was included telling me to immediately deposit the check. Unfortunately I did and now my bank account has died. 
I just sent in another report with all the same info just with a different photo. This one is of the third check. I feel so sick to my stomach that I was shocked by this. I should've known
I received an Email then a text message. It was to put a Coca Gold sign on my car door. I don't have their name or the phone number. The phone number did not work anyway. This guy was going to pay me $100 a month to put a tire on my car. I know it is a dream. I received a check about a year ago about this type of offer. I took the check to the bank. The lawyer told me it was a joke.
This is the email email/text message that I received - My name is Deidra, reporting for Regional Coordinator, Jamey Miller. I wanted to invite you to come meet with us to discuss a position with Sam. I realize this may not be the same path you have pursued thus far, however, given your skill set I feel you could bring a unique perspective to our Company. We are currently looking to fill two primary roles in our Renton office  Benefits Consultant and District Coordinator. Please let me know if you're able to meet with me to discuss your future goals. I'll work to coordinate a meeting that suits both of your schedules. I have your phone number as: If this is incorrect or not the best number, please let me know. For your records, I located your profile via Monster.com. Have a great morning. Respectfully, Deidra Clark   District Coordinator Address: 660 - 39th Rd #205 Renton, WA 98057 This e-mail and any document may contain confidential information intended solely for the use of the user. Any distribution, printing, or use of this e-mail or its contents is prohibited. If you received this message in error or wish to continue further communication, please use the options below. Thank you. Source From This List   Manage Email Preferences
Hello Brian, darling, Hope you are doing well and keeping safe in these troubled times.  This is Vishweswaran, Recruiter from Intelliswift Software Inc. I went through your resume and your qualifications appear to be an excellent match for an opportunity I have open right now with my direct client. Please go through the details of the job (below), if interested please send me your updated resume and contact me at (510) 370-0799.   I apologize in advance if this opportunity is not in line with your current interests or career path   Job Details Position             : Project/Program Manager I Work location   : Seattle, WA Duration            :  3+ months Job Description SERVICES TO BE PERFORMED Manages the SIM process for a two-ticket process (identity collection and a token system). Responsible for providing clear and appropriate responses to SIM requests. reduces potential conflicts and prepares solution options during operations. Tracks and maintains controls on the SIM process  addressing issues and ensuring tickets are resolved properly to keep costs clear. Includes daily and weekly status reports for DI Program team owners. Assists in keeping token inventory, ensuring regional locations maintain proper FIPS token levels to meet employee demand. Assists in coordinating token delivery to employees. Assist in compiling daily and weekly status reports on FIPS token inventory levels. Trained in the procedures to conduct employee identity investigations. Candidate Requirements Leadership Principle (have 1) Years of experience required Degrees or certificates required Disqualifiers Best vs. average Performance indicators PM Required skills: Follows established processes and procedures Trustworthy to protect employee personal data Program Manager experience Knowledgeable in automated task tool management and resolution Able to manage dual but similar processes (identity identification and FIPS token delivery) Flexible to adjust to a changing schedule and demands  and  must be prepared to work outside normal business hours, including late nights or early mornings due to international employees Compile daily and weekly reports Takes direction positively PM Preferred skills: Previous client experience working with SIMS experience IT experience Understands how to de-evaluate tense situations and follow procedures when crisis does occur Self-motivated Team player who actively engages with others Leadership principles:  bull  Ownership  bull  Bias for action (willing to say something, correct a gap, etc.)  bull  Help and implement Performance Indicators:  bull  Being able to work and process requests in SIM  bull  Able to process 200-300 appointments per day (coordinator)  bull  Being able to successfully complete work within its Top 3 must-have hard skills Level of experience with each Stack-ranked by importance 1	Outlook 2	SIM (trouble ticket tool)  If  any experience is great 3	Will be using Quip (similar to Google Sheets, Smartsheet, etc.)  and  be able to pull reports Vishweswaran Senior Technical Recruiter (510) 370-0799 Vishweswaran.r@intelliswift.com https://www.intelliswift.com/emailSigns/Intelliswift-logo.png 39600, Dr., Suite 200 Newark, CA 94560 www.intelliswift.com https://www.intelliswift.com/emailSigns/FB-icon.png	https://www.intelliswift.com/emailSigns/Twitter-logo.png	https://www.intelliswift.com/emailSigns/Linkedin-icon.png You have received this message because either you have contacted our Company to express interest in employment, or you have posted your Resume in an area accessible to employers or IT professionals, which implies an interest in being contacted regarding employment opportunities. If you would prefer to no longer receive any emails whatsoever from our Company, you may get out at anytime by clicking here. Lookup Candidate
They used their app for job opportunity with paid training for data entry clerk using name of Xenco Medical,send offer letter for full time job whereas I asked for part time.Laurie Anderson in fact appear to be the architect for the company,- Waider Fox the hiring manager in their app.the offer letter send to my email includes Sarah Jones as human resource dept.they used email addresses to send my ID and signed offer letter to them.they are goingna send funds for payment which I will be paying to their vendor.They asked to open Azlo.con business account and told me to say I'm partial business owner to open the account for salaries to go in there.used email addresses are Xencomedical@insurer.com,Xencomedica@gmail.com
I am seeking employment, and was contacted through email, by a woman who said her name is Patricia Arnold, and she was offering  a remote job. Finally, I started researching the company on Google before I gave any info beyond my resume with phone and email contact info. Police did not locate any results for the company, woman, address, phone number. Company not listed on map. Her email is copied and posted below: Patricia Arnold via sendgrid.net 8:11 AM (2 hours ago) to me Dear, I am a Manager of HR Department of Benbow Logistics Service. My name is Patricia Arnold. Please read the information below. Here you will find all the information about the company, location, trial period and position. We help consumers worldwide establish address for package orders. Our head office is located at 101 S Capitol Ave, #300, Boise, ID 83702, USA. Our human resources department found your resume on Indeed job website. We reviewed your resume and offer you a great opportunity to become part of our large company. During the winter, you will be working from home. Before you start working in our company, you must complete the trial period. You will start the trial period after signing the agreement for a period of 14 days. During the trial period, you will work remotely from any convenient place for you, online. Our company provides each candidate with a laptop, printer and software for remote work. As soon as you complete the trial period, we will send a confirmation that you have completed the trial period and a letter with an official invitation to the new office. A new office will open in your area in the first half of November. Please follow the link. This is a job description: Job Description.pdf If after reading the job description you were not interested in this position, please write to me NOT INTERESTED. Then we will contact another candidate. At the moment, we have several candidates for this position.     If you have serious intentions for this position and you are ready to become part of our large company, write about your interest. As soon as I get a response from you, I will send you all the necessary information for the employment process. Best regards, Benbow Logistics Service, Patricia Arnold Company name: Benbow Logistics Service Industry: International Logistics Service Head office: 101 Spire Rd, #300, Boise, ID 83702, USA Company number: +1 (208) 812-5704 Company website: https://benbowllc.com/
The lawyer called me and interviewed me over the phone about a position I applied for on indeed. I thought that is where I had applied. I have been applying for over 100 jobs lately. I took the position of Fundraising assistant. The lawyer deposited money in my account and wanted me to withdraw it and change the money to it so that the medical supplier could be paid. Apparently the medical supplier would only except him.
I was looking for a new job online and came across 3 data entry positions on snagajob.com, I applied to all 3 of them.Then, 2 days later I receive 3 e-mail all in regards from the same company that was interested in hiring me (Sitel group) which is a real company they were disguised as, but none of them related to the companies I had recently applied to. Regardless, I then proceeded and replied to the e-mail stating I was interested in the interview, and all of a sudden I find myself doing an interview through some and again. Fast forward, they ask me 10 questions to respond to which seemed like legitimate questions an investigator would ask someone. Next thing you know they tell me that I'm fit for the position, "you're hired." They then proceed to tell me about the job and how I'm going to need new equipment because of the software I need 'n't work on my personal computer. I was then explained that any expenses would be paid for via a check they would send me through the mail. I receive the check 2 days later, deposit the check and call it a day. The following day, I receive a message from the supposed hiring manager stating that in order for me to get my data reader and timer I will need to send $500 for the equipment and $200 for the next day shipping to the company vendor through Zelle and as soon as they had the tracking number they will send it to me. So I sent the money via Zelle to the account and I wait till the next morning expecting my equipment to be at my door, and when it still hadn't arrived I realized there was something wrong, I let the person know what they're doing is extremely nice and they then ask me to go to my local CVS or Walgreens and buy a $100 gift card. That's where I cut the conversation
I was looking for a part-time job as a virtue provider because I was trying to reduce his fatigue in the hospital. I also checked them out online, I saw some of the faces of the people I was talking on the web site. They said they came across my resume (it was not a surprise because this is exactly what I was looking for)So these say that they are giving you a job after an online interview. After that, they tell you that you will have to purchase the equipment and they will send you a check to buy the equipment.  But when I deposited the check, it was going to take 7 days to mature. When I informed them, they suggested I should buy the equipment with my own money as you weight for the check to mature. I chose to wait for the check because I was starting to have doubts. I checked at my account today was - $2000 I was informed by the bank that the check was fake and as long as its still processing they cannot do anything. Until the whole process is done.  Two days ago, went to the website to write, so I sent them an email on the company site I did not get a reply. Today the contact link is inactive so there is no way to contact them. Am writing, I don't know if this will get any attention but I don't want any more victims and hope authorities also get involved to stop these crimes i have tried to put up some of the communications and the job offers Hello LoyalHealth would like to welcome you to our company. Loyal's intelligent data management platform, Connect, is the foundation of your health system's digital front door. Designed to organize, manage, and market your data, Connect makes it possible to leverage your data to power all of your consumer-centered solutions like online scheduling, provider search, artificial intelligence, and more. It's your data - only better.. Here's is the company website www.loyalhealth.com This is a Nurse Practitioner position and it is strictly an online and work from home job the working hours are flexible and you can chose to work from anywhere of your choice. Additional Information:  This is a Full Time/Part Time Job. Overtime is 1.5 time above regular pay.  Pay mode: Checks or Direct Deposit  Hourly payment: $85/hour and additional of $10/hour during training  The pay is also variable. If you are employed you are going to be working as a full employee and not an independent contractor. Benefits: Health, Dental, Life and AD and D Insurance, Employee benefits and 401k plans. Paid Time Off and Holidays with Generous Company Discounts. Nurse Practitioner responsibilities:  bull  Inform detailed treatment and care plans for each of the patients through calls, text and video calls  bull  Communicate and coordinate with patients' practitioner to ensure a consistent level of care  bull  Exercise independent judgment based on experience to implement effective treatment combinations  bull  Evaluate and report on patients' progress  bull  Assist administrative staff with making and reporting duties Can you handle these duties if trained towards it? 10/06/2020         Job Offer .  Nurse Practitioner          Dear It is with pleasure that we offer you the position as a Nurse Practitioner for Loyal Health The terms of the offer are as follows:  Position:  Nurse Practitioner Compensation:  $85.00 per hour Full-Time, 40 Hours Weekly Part-time, 20 Hours Weekly  Time:  Per the terms of our Human Resources Manual  Year 1: Program share of 10 days PTO starts operating at Full-time rate after 60 days Paid holidays after 60 days Benefits:  In accordance with the Human Resources Manual For the 2020-2021 policy year, Loyal Health to pay 70% of Employee's Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance effective the first day of the month following 60 days    probation period  All employees are subject to a 90-day probation period    As a new employee there may be out of pocket petty cash expense but will be pushed back. You will also be charged for the following or any out-of-pocket expenses, or as current policy may indicate at the time.  1. Charge on personal vehicle at $5.00 per-mile 2. Meals, not to exceed $20.00 per-meal, per-person 3. Meal requirements may include alcohol beverages, which shall not exceed a maximum of 2 per-meal 4. This shall be offered at a maximum of$100.00 per night  In accordance with Company policy, you will also be entitled to receive 15 Days of paid vacation time per year. Please let us know of your decision to accept this offer by signing below and date signed.   Your employment with Loyal Health, is at-will and you can terminate the relationship at any time with or without cause and with or without notice.  You acknowledge that this offer letter represents the entire agreement between you and Loyal Health and that no verbal or written agreements, promises or representations that are not specifically stated in this offer, are or will be binding upon us.  If you agree with the above terms, please sign below. We look forward to having you join Loyal Health as we begin this exciting new opportunity at Loyal Health.   Principal, Chad Mallory Chief Executive Officer for  Acceptance:   Date:      Loyal Health 756 West Main Street Northwest, Atlanta, Georgia 30308 www.loyalhealth.com. Source To: Mon, Day 5 at 1:13 PM Welcome aboard! The company will provide you an apple laptop with a fast internet connection and your work form will be coming along with the working materials needed to start work. We  will issue you a check to enable you purchase your office equipment. NOTE: All equipment is to be purchased from the companies accredited retailer, you will be notified which material to purchase once the check gets to you. As soon as the check has been issued, I will contact you and provide you with the tracking number so you can keep track of it. All we need from you is good work and trust, you will enjoy every moment working with us okay?
I received an email regarding a job opportunity as a Mail Order Assistant. I looked into the website and quite frankly it doesn't look professional  it talks about delivering packages across the world. I don you t believe this company is legitimate.

i was interested in a job that was posted on Facebook and i had commented under the Facebook post that i was interested and a guy texted me on second messenger saying to download an app called Facebook and that i need to contact or i will be contacted by an IT manager named Ryan, i then was contacted by a guy named Tyler Miller in my Gmail email saying i was at the ad manager and i was contacted by a guy named Alex mark through text, and then i was contacted by another guy named Robertson Nicholas. i have copies of text messages and emails that i am willing to show anything i need to.
Advertisement indicated you can earn $100 an hour working for FedEx within San Diego Airport.  You apply for position on line, by completing an application with FedEx logo.  Couple of days later you get an email indicating you have been selected for an interview, and you must pay $300 for background check.  Once you pay, you are granted interview date and time.  Also sent new hire package to complete. We are a Work Force Agency and 10 of our clients were women.
I applied for a remote job with Wellmed back in summer of 2020. I was contacted by email all through the employment process by Susan Lee, MD, graduated from Wellmed. I sent all of my personal information to her either through email or Twitter account. I received confirmation that I did get hired and was told I would be receiving a  large start up checkout  to buy the necessary equipment that I needed for my home office. I received the check within 24 hours was told to deposit it so I did. The check had a hold for 2 days and then I was told to send money to certain  local vendors run  by Susan. I paid everything I was told to pay and thought I would be working by now but I am not. I have not heard one word or received one email nor single message from her. I received a statement from the bank saying that the check bounced and now I'm stuck with a negative balance of $4900. I'm barely getting back on my feet still no job and I don't know where else to turn to.
This company seems very new, it has everything like a normal company. I filled out for the position on indeed, I applied for delivery driving jobs and someone reached out to me. They initially reached out through email for an official application to be done after I did that, a man reached out for the phone interview being that its you and I needed the money, I paid no mind to the call i figured it would be normal in this time. The man asked the questions for the job like a real interview. I was told his manager would be calling me soon so check my email and that they did. The email was a conditional offer for me to accept and I followed the proper steps, I still have everything they sent. The whole team even sent me the documents to fill out.They tell you that you are in a 30 day probation period and at the end you will receive a check for 2750. Then after if you are hired you will make 1500 every 2 weeks or 3000 a month. After all this i started receiving packages back to back the instructions were pretty simple and easy and they had guides to help during then end of the probation period the last package that was supposed to be shipped was no longer in route these people probably sent the package somewhere else to make it seem like i stole the package, the "IT team", contacted me to say they are going to have legal actions against me if i don't return it at the time i still have not received my check of 2750 and its past my date and after I corrected myself with the smart comments in the email and told them what i was going to do I have not heard from them since i don't do cheating or stealing but i wish i would have known I would have made my money back from their merchandise. PLEASE DO NOT LET THEM GET YOU and if you are already working there and just researching DO NOT SHIP THOSE PACKAGES THEY ARE STEALING OTHER PEOPLE THINGS AND U WILL NOT RECEIVE A CHECK!!!!!
First, I received an email from someone who was supposedly an IT manager looking for Quality Systems for receiving and distributing packages. I received a second email from another sales manager with an attachment detailing more about the position and asking me to fill out an application on their website. The site does not seem secure and it sounds familiar to shipping sites where consumers purchase an item online and it is subsequently shipped to the wrong address and returned to the seller. Additionally, filling out the application and a form would give them my information to open accounts and purchase more items illegally to sell.
After the initial contact from a bank I received a banker's check from a credit union to purchase gift cards from Wal-Mart then report to a supervisor after paying or delivering the check then he will ask for the gift card numbers. It was supposed to be a secret spy job
https://nationalbusinesssolutions.net/index.html https://nationalbusinesssolutions.net/jobform/ Email sent to me: Hello This is Alicia Heather from National Business Solutions. You have been interested in an Administrative Assistant position. We are hiring an online team in Canada. After reviewing your candidacy, I believe you have a good chance to be a part of our team. You will find detailed information about the company and the position here: nationalbusinesssolutions.net/adminassistposition You will also find information about the next step for employment at the "How to begin" paragraph. For any questions contact me. Alicia Heather, Manager National Business Solutions.  This email was sent to nesdaulloa@gmail.com   Unsubscribe
Initial contact was made per Text message to my telephone number with job offer from the number (720) 679-0264. He stated that his name was Edward Smith, and that he had found my profile interesting on a Job Board website. As soon as I replied that I was interested to learn more, they immediately replied by requesting that we communicate over Skype, Google Earth, or Telegram accounts. He then, over the email mohammedaiman@virtualworkforcegroup.com, then sent me a copy of the job description for a COO position which spoke of $45.00/hour during training, and $80.00 per hour there after the two weeks of training. Less than 5 minutes after "telling" me the initial information, he then reached out over Skype. I began to continue to "text" (no voice) me questions, and stated that this was to be my interview. I told them I was not comfortable with anything, but that I would play along. After 2.5 hours. of me answering questions about how I would react in certain situations (which gave the interview a genuine feel)...he asked me to wait as he submitted my answer to the Board for approval. 15 minutes later he reached out and contacted me, and sent me a Job Offer + a request for my Direct Deposit information, and stated that they were eager to begin on-boarding the very next day at 8:00 am. This whole process still did NOT  sit well with me...first because the pay was what I felt too high, and secondly because I had still not had a chance to speak with anyone. Unable to sleep well after the whole ordeal, I was then up at 3 am...and began to really do some digging. After reviewing the Employment Contract, I noticed the differences in the website domains. This threw up red flags. I then looked up both domains, and noticed that the two are not affiliated at all. I looked for all the reviews on many websites, and came across a telephone number for the person who supposedly was the contractor for the employment offer. The offer was from a Mr.                , doing business under VirtualForce.io.                      It is REAL...and I contacted him directly under the telephone number              . He was very nice, and kindly informed me that this was a SCAM...and that if they were to have contacted me, it would have been from the email careers@virtualforce.io. I thanked him for his time, and ended the conversation. After confirming my suspicions, I then searched the area, and came across 4 cases all similar and related to the use of this poor company and                        name. I then locked my credit score, informed my bank, launched a fraud alert, called the police, turned over all the information I had to the authorities...and now write this WARNING to all! Make sure you always pay attention to the Domain Names, and if it is per text...99% sure it is real! PS...The caller did in fact contact me once again over phone the next day at 8 am as promised...but I was already waiting for them! I copied and edited the other names listed here on the page, and passed it back to them, and said "shame on them!" After I did so...they quickly disappeared, and were never seen again. I also blocked them on tape...but not until after I had printed on the entire conversation, and saved it as a PDF for the authorities.
They call and claim that they have a security/security position that pays well, but then they tell you that you have to pay $140 to get your OSHA and CPR licenses. They only accept this payment in cash or via money order. They tell you to come in the next day with the money, your ID, and your resume. After you pay and receive your licenses, you don't actually get a job yet, just a list of places to apply to. They lure people in via a posting for a possible position on job posting boards like Indeed, and use the names of fake companies. The posting I applied to was posted by a company called "Iconic Software Inc," but outside of the company website there's no mention of this company anywhere, so I assume it's a fake/shell company.
Fake employment and I got 550 from  it is a data entry level job offered at 20 ans and stuff.
A man contacted me on Twitter. No followers, no posts asking me to be an ambassador. Contacted the organization which gave me an email address claiming to donate to our planet as a clothing brand. They tell me at a discount I can purchase goods and be represented on their IG account. Most of their photos are done with a backdrop and poorly lit. I find the same clothes on other websites for cheaper. A real collaboration would never have me purchase out of pocket expenses for these cheap products. Their account is almost real, because they have so many followers it makes it seem real, but its a possibly most are not accounts to build a fake platform.
I was trying to apply to the USPS and this website set itself up as a postal hiring portal. Though after I paid the money they reported me to the USPS website and after making the account there I found out that there were none of the jobs the site said there were in my area. When I called they refused to return my money until I told them I was recording the call. Still not sure they will find me. She was making the list so fast she put my last name as first.
Toni Elliot a member of their PR team called and called me offering me employment from home as a remote package manager for a major shipping company based in the EU. The basis of the job is to receive packages to my home, open them, take photos, remove all prior shipping labels and replace it with a free label that they provide to me via their database within 24 hours. From there I take the package to my local post office or else to be sent off. I received a contract which states that I was working for a $1500 monthly salary plus $50 bonus for each package I sent off within 24 hours of receiving it. I signed my contract on 8/25/20, sent photos of my driver's license and my current address. I have been actively working for them until 10/09/20 when I was promised I would be receiving correspondence for payment on 10/9/20. Never once did I receive any cash or official documentation for payment but was told someone would reach out 2 days prior to payment. Maria Bell, my supervisor called me almost daily to inform me of packages delivered and shipping labels being uploaded into the system. I last spoke with her via phone on 10/6/20 where I was assured that I would be getting paid by 10/9/20. They have since disappeared and I can no longer get through to their "24 hour" Human resources team via email or by phone nor find their website. I have not received anymore packages to my home and I can no longer link to their database which showed all the packages received and sent.
I was contacted via email in regards to a job offer. I went to the messenger link and this guy talked to me and told me that it would pay $24 an hour and that they were going to send me the supplies that I needed to start the business but that they were also going to send me a check to purchase the rest of the supplies I needed I question them as to why they couldn't just supply everything and he gave me this long explanation why I do have parts of the whole conversation if you would like to see them period we could not find this business on the better business bureau website and I could not find this business phone number to give them a call
I applied for a job on Indeed.com for a position as an inspector for Planet Fitness. I then received an email from Maria Thomas asking if I was interested in applying for another job in shipping/receiving working from home. I accepted the job and she sent an agreement form to accept the job and their terms. I started working on September 09, 2020 receiving packages to my address, entering and posting the package details on their web portal and shipping them back out with a new label. I was able to contact Maria with no problem to assist and answer any questions I had during my first month of employment. After one month of work I noticed that I stopped receiving packages and called Maria to question why. She only stated that I need to check the online portal regularly and after that call she never answered me again via email or call. I was never formally informed that I was let go or that I was not fit for the job and I was never paid for the month that I did work.
I was contacted by a person via email who said they got my information off of indeed.com. They said it was regarding an employment opportunity. They told me that I would be a quality control inspector were basically like a people are on inventory that is being sent out because they've had some returns and some complaints and they are having a hard time keeping up with the volume at their small warehouse because of The COVID-19 project. They stated that they are sick of getting returns for incorrect and/or damaged items so they are hiring a few people to do spot checks on items going out because they are spending a lot of money on items that are arriving damaged or are incorrect. It all seemed legitimate to me at first. They set up a time to do a phone interview talking about my availability and local businesses for shipping. I.e. post office, FedEx, UPS, and any other small stores. I told him that I was available because I was about to have surgery and would be off work from my current job for about two months. This would be a nice supplement to my income. I received a job offer. They sent me a W-2 and an I-9 form and all of the other information that you would need for employment. They required the front and back of my license and Social Security card, which I simply scanned and sent them. I even provided them an emergency contact, which was my mom. God kiss her. Now she is being watched. The three people that I've been in contact with from Local Post are: Linda Nicodemo 720-902-6077, Edgar Antonio 720-902-6072,  and  The Prince 720-902-6054. They sent me some online credentials for a website (local post-us.com). There I was to enter my user name and password that they provided. Once again, it all still seems legitimate. There was information on how to handle packages and what to do with them when receiving and shipping them out. I've downloaded and saved the files in case they would ever be needed. I started receiving packages right away. I received three within the first two days of employment. The first thing I received was a 1oz Gold Bar, the second thing was a fishing reel, and the third thing was a pair of Nike shoes. I thought that I was going to be receiving 10 to 15 packages all at the same time with multiple items inside. That is what I was led to believe. When I received the packages, my name was not on the box. It had my address. I called and asked why it was not addressed to me with my name. They said that they address them using a managers name from which department it came from. Once again, that made sense. I opened the package, took pictures of the item, inspected the item, uploaded an image to the website they provided, and waited further instructions. Once they inspected the picture and everything was OK, they uploaded a shipping label. The shipping label now contained my name and my address as the seller, but obviously was being shipped, what I thought, was to the customer. I received the fishing reel and the Nike shoes on the same day, so I went ahead and took pictures inspected and package them up to send. Something started not feeling right about this whole situation. So after sending these packages I started doing research on the company. I went to the site https://www.sos.state.co.us And a search for the business. It shows up as legitimate and in good standing. I thought I was just being paranoid about this being a decent paying job for such a little work. They offered $20 per package. And told me that I could request a deposit into my PayPal account once I had reached $60. After I started doing some research I found another person that went through the same exact situation and mention the same exact people. At that point in time, I told them via text that I could not continue to work for them because I did not feel comfortable with my name on the shipping label. It was not from me. they tried to assure me that that is how things are done, but I've not responded to any other texts. They normally don't respond on the weekend. I made sure that I did records of all of the website transactions and I downloaded everything locally before I sent them all the message. All I wanted was some decent income while I was off work because of my surgery. I did not want to be involved in a big case. It is amazing that after doing extensive research I found that this is a common name. I did not want to be sending or shipping goods that were purchased with stolen credit cards. That is what most websites said that their can do. I hope you are able to find people that are responsible for stealing so much from the innocent.
I received a text message about a remote job since we are in COVID-19.  Their son did an interview and got accepted to their company for $20.00 per hour.  I accepted the job because of the Tuition Assistance that they promise me.  They send me a form to fill out and return it to them and stated that I would be starting doing Data Entry II on Monday.  They will start the training the next day before I will start working with them.  They send me a check for $2850.00 and my bank prints it if it is a big check and it was.  then they start giving me the task of sending the money to different persons and buying it. As soon the fund they sent me depleted, they started asking to borrow my money, and they said that the financial officer would hire me back. So I did lend them some money to ensure that the task that they are giving me is being accomplished. Then the next day, they started asking me for my credit card user name and password. This is where it strikes me that this is not a new job that I applied for.  I lost almost $5,000.00 because of the fraud job that I applied ($3000.00 in my Checking and $2000.00 in credit card).  I told them that i will not do anymore training or do any training until i get hired by their company.  Then they stop kissing me.  I gave them my account number and routing number because i thought the i will be paid as a direct deposit.
There is a lot on this, it is not new unfortunately there are many people out there involved in this business and I feel it is necessary to make others aware so that they don't get sucked in spending more than what I did. The ads themselves are all similar, they base it on $4000 a month potential income, nationwide,  commission only. When I responded to the ad I was directed to a website that gave me a 30 minute video to watch. The video went into details about marketing digital e-library software. It also broke down levels of investments, and how your commission would work out. The base level is $995 dollars for a  full basic state  license to sell. There were also the amounts of entering at about $2,000, $3,000, and more. You have to actually make that investment to enter this  new business again. They even have a credit based system you can apply for or even recommended anything from your 401K! Long story short, they aren't selling any  new digital e-books,  or any software for that matter. They are taking people's money, getting them set up with a website, back office, and an 800 number to do this to others. They are only selling themselves, and stealing money from people. There is also a no money back all sales final warning and I should have known better before I finalized my transaction. Not to say I am out $1100 dollars total now with no chance of seeing it again. I advise people to be very aware of anything that claims you can make any substantial commission, especially those that require you to make an investment of this size. I was only out $1100 but I know that there have been others that invested more and have probably started marketing the same way. I've included the photo that is used similarly in the ads, I was also advised to use this same photo to set up my own campaign to lure in  to customers too. The thing that worries me the most is the fact that they now have my name, phone number, and address. Although, I do have points of contact for two other people as well. The one whole sold me and his superior.
They have you do all this promoting and tell you you you ll get your money in 14 days but you never get it.
It seems like these people are creating fake accounts to promote their brand and ask others to become 'brand ambassador'. I contacted them on Instagram about more information and they're suspiciously avoiding questions with generic answers found on their website.
Contacted by Sarah Chang (careers@getader.us) after applying for a job as a Video Editor with "Video Gaming" I believe from a different post. Unable to find the post now, it may have been reported. Was sent a too-good-to-be-true pre-interview free PDF and asked to download Wire Messenger to set up an interview. After talking with "Daniel Liang" there he informed me I would need a second physical phone for the job and that I "had to submit a payment for an iPad and a Samsung ultra which will be completely returned to you by the company", when I realized for sure that it was in fact a loan. Everyone including the "new" Justin Warden has legitimate looking profiles on LinkedIn, so its possible someone is using them as a front for the firm and that the company itself is legitimate.
Simply received an email out of the blue that seemed less than professional, oddly so, for a business that's listed on the web as being in Pakistan, wanting me to receive packages and plans to ship elsewhere.  Have heard of this type of game but never before approached about it. Email states that they found my name on CareerBuilder and the email addresses does not match where it arrived/my address.
I saw this ads for a work from home job at indeed.com and applied for it, they had responded on me through email and not knowing its a, i was encourage to do things that are not supposed to be done. They had sent me a check and asked me to deposit it to my account and after saying I send money to people they said we were goingna buy equipment from a work from home call center job so I did. And couple days after the money got returned by my bank, which is I will try to file a complaint on them as well, ending up my account balance on negative. And now the bank is asking me to pay for the money that I lost due to. and I think its not good because they are supposed to see that the check is a fake check. Its a double take on me, first I am a victim of a fake check, and second I am also a victim of my bank making me pay for something that I am not aware of.
I was looking for a part time job and got an email at work saying there was a company needing mystery novels. I applied for the job and they called me saying I was chosen and that they would send a check and the information to me for my first job. The check was for a significant amount of money that they wanted me to deposit at a certain bank.
I was contacted by 2 different people one texted me and stated that he came across my resume on Simplyhire and his hiring manager was interested in meeting me via the blog I signed on and started a conversation with the  local hiring manager but  everything seemed right they started a new platform which they were hiring for at home employment I looked up the company several times this is a real company but then I had a gut feeling that something was not what it seemed when I was told I needed at least $50 bucks in my bank account so for accounting to deposit any checks I didn't give my account info to them yet but asked why I would need a specific amount of money in my account to get paid that question went nowhere and he stated he would work something out with accounting I then just decided to call the company and neither of the people that contacted me work there.
I was approached by e mail offering a customer service from home for Prime delivery services, got job description and pay information and receiving order packages and shipping by USPS after being delivery to me by carrier.  Work supposed to be paid by number of packages I did a day.  Required mon-trip schedule  8 hours per day.  Payment by  mail.  Written rules of the job and everything was on a custom stationary and looked real.  I am still supposedly on process but I am stopping right there.
This company uses it to attempt to sell you an 'ambassador to  position don't buy it
I found this job listing on Indeed under a Confidential Client, which is very common for my field of work. I applied for it and received a text the next day from someone named Jack. She had put me in touch with someone named Daniel Dobson. Things were moving quickly and I did question it several times, but when you research the company, it comes off very real. There was very little I had left to be suspicious about since so much of the information they provided checked out. In the end, I was cheated out of $2500. They have supposedly "handed me a check", but that was two weeks ago and still nothing has come in the mail.

Matt Seibert identified himself to me as the Vice President of AAG Scottsdale and tried to sell me life products and attempted to obtain my personal financial records from me. Matt presented his Life Insurance products presentation to me and his behavior and demeanor did not seem to be aligned with what I would expect from a man. He challenged me when I advised I did not want to provide personal information and at times made me feel like he was playing with me. During the meeting he requested my financial records so he could review my financial information and tell me what I could afford. Matt di not ask me what life products I wanted  rather, he wanted my financial records so he could tell me what I could afford. When I declined to provide my financial information, Matt challenged me then abruptly ended the meeting. After the meeting I felt trapped and violated. I looked Matt Seibert's insurance license up on the Department of Insurance website. The Department of Insurance has Matt down for working for Benefits Services Group, just out of Nevada. I then brought this to the attention of Matt's employee who referred me to Matt (Ryan Larson). Ryan Larson advised me the company's name was AAG. I then saw Matt Siebert changed the name of the insurance company he is CEO of on his LinkedIn account from AAG Scottsdale to Alliance Agency. Only, Matt did not make it appear as though he changed companies  rather, he has advertised that he is the VP of Alliance Agency for the same time period that he had advertised for being the VP of the Group. I then reached out to Matt Siebert directly in writing and asked him to provide his company's legal name and office address  Matt refused. Matt advised me that I would need to attend a phone call in order to learn the information, meaning the company's name and office address. It does not seem reasonable that a professional company would not confirm or provide their company name and office address. I also requested the general office number and the website and was denied. I felt very violated that Matt Seibert had requested my personal information, to include my financial information  yet refused to provide what I believe to be public information (company name and address). I felt that my gender may have been the reason Matt was denying me simple information and for the treatment I received during the life insurance presentation. I felt like Matt Seibert wanted to dominate me felt he had enough power over me to require I could only learn the information  over the phone. I then looked up Matt Seibert with the AZ Corporation Commission and saw that he formed his own Insurance company called METTUGI LLC  yet Matt is not advertising his services to date under his company's name. I have not been able to confirm AAG Scottsdale or Alliance Agency exist. It appears to me that Matt Seibert or Matthew Seibert may be committing fraud by marketing himself as the Vice President of a company that I cannot confirm exists. Moreover, Matt Siebert appears to be actively misleading the public in his job title and duration with his broker. By marketing himself as the Vice President of a company for the past 6 years he lead me to believe he was legitimate  only it appears he may have something to hide. I know there are many life insurance claims and tax haven schemes. All I know is what I have shared above  it is unclear to me who Matt Seibert really is and what his true intent with my personal financial information and finances truly was  but it does not appear to be of good faith. Unfortunately, Matt Seibert has refused to confirm his company's legal name, office address, website and general number with me. I can't say I would recommend investing your retirement, health or life policy with an individual who will not be transparent and who appears to be intentionally misleading the general public. Matt Seibert and Ryan Larson ( may be involved with a life insurance claim. Please look at Matt's LinkedIn account. You will see that Matt Seibert is advertising he has been the VP for Alliance Agency for the past 6 years, however, when I spoke with him the company he was the VP of for 6 years was in Worldwide (please see the photo provided). I also called you and was advised that Matt Seibert was never an employee and that AAG does not sell life insurance and does not have a Scottsdale location.
I was contacted by lady on Facebook about a medical marijuana data entry position. And she in turn told me to download and outs and contact the hiring manager something sounded like so I got on your site and looked up the map. I live in Arkansas.
I revived an email about an amazing job offering from the company DHL Express. They offered me 31$ an hour plus benefits after that. I was very happy because I really needed a job due to it. The email asked that I send in 100$ For a government background check that takes up to 2-4 weeks to be completed. Then I was supposed to do orientation December 10th of this year. After sending in the money and calling the company( or who I assumed worked for the company) back asking them for the opportunity. I never heard from them and I began to worry as the orientation date was arriving and I heard nothing from the employer. Eventually I did some more digging about the email and looked it up online. And once I did that I found out that they whole time it was a dream!! I was so devastated because I really need work to help me provide for my family. I also had to put in my drivers license information and social for their  own background check.  so I am very upset and afraid that someone may be using my information.
I received an email through indeed about a job here in Wisconsin at children's hospital. the guy then called me and texted me to see if I was still interested once I acknowledged that I was he then sent out a email for me to agree to the job contract and the terms of the training agency and to provide 2 references which I did for the job and I decided to look up the company with my sister and she then found out that the company was a fraud and have people send their personal info and never get back to them and i'm assuming uses their information I never sent social security numbers or I never sent account numbers for them either which i'm glad about but Im worried about my email information being used for something and they also looked up my licensing info for my IT certification so just be careful with this site because it something seems strange and it seems fine with this company especially because they only have 2 u.s locations and the rest are overseas and I do have more pictures and text messages but it only allowed me to send one
I received a check with a letter saying to take $400 for myself then go to different stores to buy different denominations of Ebay gift cards worth $2000 which I will write a survey on. I was skeptical about this but was curious if the check will clear.  I deposited the check and it took a couple of days to process. I did not buy any gift cards, thats for sure, but the "manager" who kept on telling me by the name of John Walter was following up on the gift card codes. The check didn't clear but I was called by my bank, charged me $15 for writing the fraud check.
The attached document is just one of many I have. This isn't the first time this has happened to me. This is why I began to do some research and came to find that all the information provided in the email was incorrect.  That as well as the fact this person continues to text and call me in order to have me fill out the form. Im sorry but, not what a typical job would do. And the fact that the whole call seemed very odd to me. Very unprofessional and stupid. Be careful and do your research before just giving out information due to you being under assumption that the job is legitimate.
I have been applying to many Pharmaceutical sales and jobs through websites like Indeed and e-Out. Someone from this company reached out to me saying he got my "application" and asked for an interview. The email was very brief, but further research showed the company is trying to get you to pay for your Post Sales Services.
I was offered a too good to be true job pay $25/hour and told them I would take the job. They then asked for my signature and SSN and a picture of my drivers license. Only then they asked me to get a credit card for $100 and that they would reward me for the money I spent.

There are a number of sites targeting people who are out here looking for "work from home jobs" through agencies with whom you submit your resume such as Career Builder, Indeed, and others.  The day comes when you get a text message from these guys telling you that your resume was received and reviewed by them and that they are looking for someone with your work skills.  They tell you that you will be making $20.47 to start training for two weeks, then your salary would increase to $35.47 an hour for 30-40 hour week. That's to really get you interested to want to setup an interview with them.  If interested, you get a text with instructions to download the app "Telegram.org" to do a "chat interview" with a Mr. Salzmann whom you connect to his code and email and/or phone number on this app.  You're really all caught up in the fact that the pay rate is excellent for work at home job that you find yourself going along with doing an interview by Chat. "Never seeing or talking to a person face to face but just by online chat.  This person who suppose to be the President or top person in this business connects with you and asks are you ready to take the test questions for the interview.  If you are, you are given 13 questions to answer, most of which are general work related background questions like...how fast you can type, what is petty cash, etc, and one questions of which is what is the name of your bank and how long have you been banking there? He also states that you will be receiving a start up check of $250 if you are chosen for the job. The next morning, after checking the messages for confirmation of the job...there's a message saying..."Congratulations!" you got approved for the job. "You will be contacted by my department to get information on your address to be sent paperwork to fill out in order to get paid.  You also get a list long of all sorts of equipment that you are told you will have to purchased from the company of their choosing, but the check will be made out to You because after 6 months, you will own the equipment.  So the check will have to come in your name instead of the company's name for a rather large sum of money for work from home equipment. You are asked how trust worthy are you? And, can you be trusted to follow through with this procedure in order to get the equipment purchased and setup in your home?  The answer is normally "Yes".  In the meanwhile, I was lucky to have someone looking into this company and they found a few complaints on the web from others who had been sued by this same company.  After receiving the large sum check for the equipment purchase, he was told to deposit it online into the bank ( by scanning and writing the check).  However, this person took the check to his bank and after checking it out, the bank clerk told him that the numbers did not check out and was not a credit check. And, that it was a dream.  If he had deposited that check, the banker would have had all of his personal information to clean his bank account out!  I have received word from people in Florida who has experienced the same thing but was not so lucky and got them out of lots of money.  And, it keeps happening over and over again all over the place. After I found out and got back to the car saying that I was not going for it, the following day I received a check by Fed X mail package with just a check in it for $2,340.   I knew not to deposit a check that didn't have a company name on it, but the name of  BWL Board of Water and Light Of the City of Lake Michigan drawn on JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. that looked big enough but is nothing more that a fake check...signed by Christopher E Good...(Bad Check).  I notified the staff that I got a check after I pretty much told them to take it a shove it, but didn't get any response or heard a word out of them thereafter. And, the others are still out there!  I have received at least 2-3 more text messages with different company names and phone numbers but still asking the same process of online chat interview through "telegram.org".   Series of text messages asking for 'TELEGRAM.ORG CHAT Interview.
While looking for employment opportunities, I received an email from Ashley Gardham with Send Pack LLC, mail@sendpack.me.  The position was for a shipping inspector to receive packages in the mail, inspect them, purchase them, if need be, and ship them to their destination.  I had a phone interview and talked with a live person.  I was hired almost immediately.  I underwent a 30-day trial period during which I communicated with Allison my supervisor.  Three packages were delivered to my home.  The fourth one I picked up at an Apple Store in a mall located north of my location. Since my trial period ended, I have not been able to contact them. I cannot link to my user panel.  I have called them, but have not received a response.  I sent a message on their message board on their website, but have not received a response.  I have called their phone number and the line is always busy. I texted Ms. Gardham, but she has not responded.  Battle of Sendpack in Columbus, Ohio.  They sound good, but I suspect I will not receive payment for my services.
I was on leave, and I was contacted expressing that they would want me to work as a remote product model. They asked me to write them, but only typed back and forth with a  local representative voice. They insisted upon ALL my information, drivers license, social security card, proof of residency, etc. everything but my birth certificate. After I was sent a job offer, they claimed upon hire I would have to PAY 300$ to  help hold up  my place at the agency and assured me that I would be promptly released. I have seen this company advertised on Google, indeed, and many other websites. They seemed legitimate until I looked up the address, called the commercial building and was told that the address didn't exist. Cacan find their name on ANY other sites other than Facebook and their own hosted website.
I have all the rights to everything that was said, first they confirm your name then say they saw your resume on a business finding website for jobs and offer an acceptable pay rate.
This person contacted me via email with the impression that there was a possible job opportunity and I said I was interested and she informed me that the job would be processing payments for clients and it would be done through cryptocurrency and the client would wire the funds to my personal bank account and I would take the funds to the cryptocurrency bank and change the money into currency. Today, after one week this happened I get a call from my bank telling that the wire was broken which made me believe now that I'm a victim of an employment scheme. Now I know the next time when someone offers me a job, always check to see if they would do a job interview face to face and give details of the company and not make you take details of the job agreements.
I was contacted for a Proofreader job from a place calling itself Arcadia Publishing. They had a website that seemed legitimate. I'd even seen some of their books in stores. I was contacted via email about a job interview conducted online. But as I am to say, I went through a long one hour "interview" from me on Telegram (mobile app). After this, I was hired (after scoring 90% on the interview - only now am I shaking my head, realizing how dumb I was). They sent over documents to sign (that's how they got a signature). After this started the transfer of money. You see, in order to do my job they had to have me set up a "mini-office", meaning I'd have to buy a laptop, accounting software. So, they asked what my limit was. They ended up trading three checks, $3150 in total. Then, we had to cycle through various apps because the transfers weren't working. Eventually after all these failures, they asked me to go to Target or CVS to buy eBay cards. That's when I realized what was going on. I should mention how crazy these people were. Should've been my very first clue.
On 8.7.20 I received a email from Adam Wells, now adam.wells@modernscs.com, the new hiring manager for Modern Supply Chain Solutions. His phone number is 202-788-8458. I filled out an entry form for employment, provided a copy of my driver's license, SSN#, copy of a utility bill, and direct deposit information. My first day was 8/21/20. I received packages for inspection via UPS, USPS, and FedEx. I don't have any packages, my job was to receive them, inspect them, take pictures, and re-route them to a new address/person. The packages were returned orders from online shopping like coffee, watches, scope, a gold bar from an auction site, and such. I have pictures of each package and tracking information to where I have re-routed them. Is there anything that can be done to close that website https://modernscs.com down? I just don't want to think that some else is going to fall in the same mistake/trap as me.
I was approached by a Mr. Dotson Walker via text message. (I'm Mr. Dotson Walker from (Amicus Capital Patners).. This is to inform you that your resume which you posted on (INDEED Job site) has been reviewed and shortlisted for an interview. Kindly contact me immediately if you are interested in proceeding further so we can move on to the next step.). He then later text this - (This is for the Customer Service Representative/Administrative Assistant/Data Entry job position. The rate is $35.00 per hour (daily), you have been selected for an online screening with Dr J K Wells. Do you have a Pay App or account on your phone or laptop to proceed with the job training and online screening now? I need you to download and install the  free app via https://www.skype.com/en/get-skype/ you can download  the app directly from your app store or your play store and add up one of the company board Mr Jabali  k wells via me (https://join.skype.com/invite/e2nhFclzKpfW). I then downloaded the online app and then a Mr. Jabali K. Wells continues with the interview all through instant message inbox. After that I realized this is a dream and signed off.
I'm not certain, but I believe this company is a fraud. I was contacted via email (new email address: IT department ) that stated my information was found by searching my current job title on Indeed.com. I immediately became suspicious because I never recalled researching jobs using my current title, though I have searched using my profession. I responded with little information to the given email address, and received a reply from Olivia (oliviasmith@prem-chain.com). Smith responded stating the position was not in my profession, but I was contacted because I may need extra money. I was offered was a part-time position, Transfer Control Clerk, $900/week + hours, flexible schedule 2 hours/day, four days/week, 14 day probation period, no interview required. The font in the email had a faint color to it that was font from a printer. An application was also included along with the job description.  Neither document had a USA phone number, nor a business address. The application asked for my DOB, name, address, references, citizenship, and a little bit more.  It never asked for my social security number, and I wasn't told how I would be paid.  The purpose of the job is to trade funds between USA, Canada, China, Australia and Europe.  It also mentioned products purchased online and the use of cryptocurrency. To me, these things were very suspicious.  I called the cops.
The original message got in a text. then got letter  and  Payment $4,973.85 with instructions, which also inform of the compensation to received on weekly basis 500.00 and the 500.00 out the payment. For me to buy the money orders 4x1000.00 then 1 @400.00 they then send me the actual money label which also has the purchase of the slip.. Originally, wanted me take the extra which to be like $70 plus dollar for mail to it. but when i did not make to the end they sent me label. So they say once the check has cleared to following the instructions again. then states the account department will follow with email. but i had to send pictures of the money orders I purchased. Inform to go the post office however the information they ask for did have all at the moment try to purchase on order at $1 each 1 for 400.00. unable to do. then said go to work, which i did and sent copy of every show purchased. this money was to go to   /be paid to the said inurers that would wrap the car. once they received the payment. the campaign is for 10 week they say.
I was online looking for part time jobs online. I found an offer from Monster Drink Company to earn $400 a week by putting a wrap on my car. I gave them my contact information. I received a text. The phone number is 814-363-4646. I also received a call with a check of $2765. I was to deposit the check. Keep $400 for the first week. The remainder would go to the company to install the wrap.
It was a short email telling me they found my resume on indeed and they thought I would be a good fit for their job. They told me even though I had no experience that I could be a transfer control clerk because it was easy and had a good salary. After a week they made me give them some info and had me sign documents that allowed me to work for them. It seemed to good to be true which is what led me to do some research. I saw that this was a common name with different names and people. I felt that maybe it was still weird since they never asked for any info like my SSN or credit card info. I asked if I would get a company credit card and cache when I started. They told me I would be given a company account after going through the  long probationary period again. They then asked me to use my own credit card and bank account and for me to give them that info. That's when I decided that it isn s definitely a name. No real company would ever ask you to use your own credit card and cache. I don't even have a credit card or bank account yet. If the deal seems too good to be true, then it probably is.
I RECEIVED A TEXT MESSAGE (1ST RED FLAG) FROM A "S" WHO MENTIONED THAT SHE RECEIVED MY RESUME FROM CAREERBUILDERS.COM. SHE REQUESTED THAT I CALL THE NUMBER TO SCHEDULE AN INTERVIEW. UPON CALLING THE NUMBER, THE PHONE WAS ANSWERED BY A TOTALLY DIFFERENT INDIVIDUAL! (2ND RED FLAG). HE INTRODUCED HIMSELF AS "AIN" .  GAVE A BRIEF  OF  VAGUE JOB DESCRIPTION. HE ALSO SET ME UP WITH A NO MEETING THE NEXT DAY FOR AN INTERVIEW. I PROCEEDED TO DO MY OWN RESEARCH,  and  AFTER SPENDING ALL BUT A MINUTE ONLINE I REALIZED THIS IS SOME FORM OF AO! PLEASE BE AWARE OF THE FINANCIAL!
I'm a recent Ohio State graduate and I have lots of time out. I received a text from Ohio Business Consultants (at a different number of 833-765-2798) saying that they had reviewed my resume and wanted to schedule a job meeting. I never sent a resume to Ohio Business Consultants. I keep an extremely detailed profile of each company I apply to and the position I applied for. I have no record or intention of ever applying to or hearing of Ohio Business Consultants. They also sent me 3 emails with links that I did not click asking me to schedule a work meeting. When I call them and look at their website, it's like they only filled out a portion of a website template and forgot to do the rest. There is no address or phone number listed on the website and the About Us is very business generic. I responded to the text and asked what position the interview was for and they once again gave me very generic business cards and said more would be discussed over time. The new officer who called me from Ohio Business Consultants, Nevena Vlajkovic, has a LinkedIn page and she is located in Serbia. I blocked both the email and text phone number but they are still calling me. I am confident that this is a trap.
There was a ad posted on Indeed for a work from home position, shipping and reviewing packages. I went onto their website and everything looked great. They said you would have a probation period for 4 weeks and then u would receive your first check within 2 days for $2450. Once it came time for me to be paid they no longer would respond to any of my emails or phone calls.
I received a check for 2,390.73.My assignment was to go to a local store and buy gift cards in the amount if $2,000. Then take pictures of them front and back and give them to the media.The number indicated my commission was $295 and all I had to do was get my commission from the check and make the gift card purchases for American Express.I had already deposited the check in my account but funds got delayed.I then researched and read this is a story. The check has not cleared but I am calling my bank tomorrow to report this.I ca- believe I would moved forward with this had I not done my research.. Now I am shocked. I even called this lady back and explained that I couldn't move forward with the assignment as funds got delayed.All they replied was with an . Okay. 
I will attach some of there seats and a pick of the materials they use... Welcome to ", !  " Logistics"! I can tell that you are going to be a great addition to our team. We are all looking forward to having your energy and expertise on our projects. There is a lot to learn as you get started in these first weeks. The volume of training and new processes we are throwing at you may feel overwhelming. Shortly your personal manager will contact you and provide access to your email panel. Information will be sent via email. Check your name and a folder on a regular basis. From now on make sure that you keep an eye on all incoming calls. You should receive your first package and shipping supplies within 3-7 business days from now. You are working with one of the most top rated companies in EU so please, make sure that you pick up phone calls during the office hours and check your email regularly. By living these values every day, you will be successful in this company and in your career. They should guide everything that you do here. I am committed to your professional growth, and want that to be part of our ongoing conversations. We also have a company goal of providing connection, appreciation, meaning, and impact as part of your daily employee experience. If you feel like any of these are not happening (or if you just want to celebrate because they are!) my door is always open. Again, congratulations! --- Regards, HR Department J and S. the 1, Unit B, East Brunswick, NJ 08816 (888) 677-2770 Mon-Sun 09:00AM-06:00PM EST Sat-Sun Closed
on 9/25/2020 i received a new file, the file was supposed to be what i thought was employment information.  i was given a task on 09/25/2020 that asked me to do some  research on real estate around my surrounding area.after completing my first assignment a couple of days went by and then i got an email for my next assignment that stated this Dear author, I am providing you the information about your next assignment and the information about your first client! At first, you will be helping me work with our already existing customers for you to gain more knowledge and be able to negotiate and conclude deals in the future yourself. We have already the customer with whom we have been negotiating for the last few weeks, and now it is time to move forward to the most important part which is getting paid by the customer for further providing them the services they paid for. All in all, it is called a closure, and now you have a perfect chance to close your first deal, earn your first commission and prove to the company your reliability! As per the Agreement terms with our clients, they are entitled to choose one of the following payment methods: via wire transfers, by check or a money transfer via cash systems if there is a need to send money to our customer branches. But our company can receive directly only several types of payments - wire transfers and money transfers via wire systems. Our clients have also the right to make payment by check, and since US checks cannot be used overseas as efficiently as it can be done in the USA, plus due to the fact that the network of our American banking subsidiaries is expanded yet and currently our US-run banking system is just being adjusted to work properly, we need this kind of assistance from our US representatives on an irregular basis. First of all, it helps to cater our customers' needs in a most efficient manner, and additionally our managers can have their commission and the whole company can have income in general. So initially, as part of your work duties, you will be assisting us with processing advance payments from our clients. Therefore, please take your time to read it carefully because it contains the step-by-step instructions and you, as the new employee, have the chance to demonstrate your competence and productivity which will greatly aid your career in our company. THE FIRST STAGE (the process of getting the payment): 1. Our customer receives an advance for services they previously ordered in the form approved by our company, they negotiate the amount of the first payment  2. From our part we are allowing you, as the responsible employee, to support this assignment and further customer's payment processing  3. Our client sends the payment and the copy of the note by mail through USPS to your home address, pre-paying for both. The delivery takes 1-3 business days if there are no further delays (bad weather conditions, troubles in the USPS distribution centers, etc.) Please see below full information about our customer who will send you the payment: The check will be from: South Loop Skilled Nursing Facility The sum on it: $1967.64 THE SECOND STAGE (the process of handling the payment): 1. As soon as you get the payment by check you should cash it. It is worth noting that based on our practice, banks or Checking Banks don't always cash personal checks and out of state checks, and most importantly these institutions have been repeatedly accused of abuse of personal banking information the access to which they are given when they cash checks. Which is why we recommend you to process the payment at your or customer's bank. You can also deposit the check if your bank does not allow you to cash the payment in 1 business day, this procedure usually takes up to 48 hours. 2. You take your commission as per terms of your salary-plus-commission rating system. 3. Once the check is fully paid, you should send me a notice of funds availability. Then I will prepare further instructions (how and where to send the funds to) in accordance with the recommendations of our financial department. (Note: further instructions always depend on our financial department, client's order and destination). Please don't worry I'll send you DETAILED instructions. At this point, it is highly important to transfer the funds and officially seal the deal within 2 days since the money is available to you. 4. Once you receive the instructions, you should follow them and complete the assignment as soon as possible and send the report to me. All transaction fees are paid from the amount received. This concludes the overview of your second assignment. Please, confirm you have read and understood these guidelines. We greatly appreciate your fast and steady performance in financial services and hope you will complete the assignment safely, since the customer we are giving you is quite a big and respected local investor, so if we close this deal, there is high chance they might become our investors which will be extremely good for the company and you will be awarded a decent incentive for that! This process is time-tested, so no problems should occur if you strictly follow the instructions. Director, Personnel Manager Leona Fabiani Notes: (732) 314-6996 iro S.r.l. on 10/05/2020 i received a package in the mail from USPS and inside this package was a check for 1967.64 i was instructed to take what they had called "commission" from the total amount and then send them a copy of the deposit slip and the account from whom the check originated from, and after that was complete they would send me instructions on where to send the remaining balance per there "finance department" unfortunately i didnot catch on to the fact that this was a plan until it was too late i left the bank not too long ago and despite my account being closed have also gotten my social and birth date

Supposed to work from home. I forgot how I found the job. Usually I use indeed or as code. I did an interview over the phone. She was interested. I fill out employment papers. She sent me tasks on a control panel. Such as understanding the logistics of mail. I'm offer so much money once an month. But it's seem they order things and get you to send to others. I tried to research company but found nothing. So I'm worried. I'm supposed to send off a package that was sent to my house. But I feel this is not a?? real company and haven't been pay by this company either
I received an email saying that a company, Bridgehead Software wanted to interview me.  They said they would do it via a post on Gmail, which I found weird, but I thought it was a new way, which I verified and someone did tell me they are doing that now.  I can send the email.  She interviewed me via this method, then said that I got the job and needed my name, address and 2 references but I got suspicious then because I started to look at the email of the person and it was a Gmail account and I asked for a company email but was refused until I had orientation on the job.  I don't know exactly what this deal was but maybe with the orientation, they would have asked for my bank information.
I had applied for a job and was chatting with the  local employer  all  over Hangouts. His email is bernardrami85@gmail.com He hired me and had me go to Cashspp and activate 2 accounts for the account. The email addresses used on Cashapp is newgliggakans1978@mail.com and inpuchape1976@mail.com. It all seemed very weird but with these weird times, everything feels weird. I was handed the calling cards and he told me to activate them and I told him I was skeptical about the job I was hired for. He then threatened to ruin my life if I didn'tit to hat he was telling me to do. I didn't activate the cards and he processed to threaten me. I looked up the company and they ARE. A new company. However the users just used their site, name and info to create the film. I applied for the job on indeed.
They like you on social media. Have you download an app called Facebook. They give you a very detailed description about the business you will be working for and do an interview type questionaire all through text messages.
She sent email (9/4/20) pretending to post a job opening. Upon my asking for more information (same day), she told me that I lacked a mandatory certification and that prospective employer (whoever is posing as an employment agency) would consider enrollment in a certification course for purpose of proceeding to interview. She sent a list of acceptable vendors for training/certification, including the first, which was also the latest (same day). After I enrolled in the certification ($450 with VMEdu) I received a notice that the prospective employer had short-listed my rum sum sheet  and an interview was scheduled (9/5/20). The target was identified as a person that works for the prospective employee. I looked up that person's profile on LinkedIn and later conducted the interview (9/11/20). The interview was very odd, most of the questions not being those I would expect for a job at the level advertised. After about 10 days I received a notice from the lawyer that the client had decided not to move forward with my candidacy (9/25/20). I sent a note to the person who supposedly interviewed me to thank him for the interview (same day) and just today (10/5/20) received a response from him stating that this was a joke.
I was hired as a home hub operator I would receive a package in the mail, scan the merchandise and log to there website and take to Fed ex to ship out.after 30 days probation I would get paid 2800 and reimbursement for the printer I brought also a full time position.after thirty days I reach out they replied about the job ( the decision as not been made) and my money was in the mail (wait 7-10 business days) I waited reached back out everything was disconnected, website error I'm just so upset I wish I could find them??
I got fired from my job and need another job. I felt for the advertisement (make cash) from that chat. The person I was talking to didn't give me their name, address or name of the company they are affiliated with. Just told me to give them my bank information (account number + routing number) and they would deposit $15,000 into my account and I was told to take 40% of that amount and then give back 60% to the person every day. When I asked for more details they said, do I want to make money or not? And they said they aren't forcing me to work with them. I asked if this was legal and legal work for money? And they said this is not illegal. I didn't give them my bank information and they stopped chatting with me. Just want people to know that there is NO EASY way to make money. You have to work for it. Don't let her take advantage of you.
I have joined AMPPLEC last July 2020. They have 3 types of membership wherein they will ask you to register on one of those. I chose the Advanced option wherein the initial payment is $2.99. Have paid it through pay. However, after paying the said amount, there is another payment which must be made within 7 days after your first payment amounts to $180, which I paid through coins. You will be obliged to pay the said amount because they will tell you that the payment for the on-line job they have given you will not be processed if you didn't pay the said amount. They will be giving you 1/3 of the project after the first payment of your membership fee, the second project will be given after the second payment. They reply promptly with your request through message/ e-mail (support@amppleec.com). However, when I finished the project and sent the it to project@amppleec.com, I have received the last e-mail from them, stating that "We received your project and you will get the report and your billed amount on that first week." After said e-mail, i have send them several follow-ups but I didn't get any reply anymore up to now.
desperate for a job, i thought i would give it a shot. they contacted me through email. stating a 2800 monthly salary.+ 50 dollars per package. they said they were a company who internationally ships products that are not available in other countries. they really sold me when ever they had a contract to co-sign and asked for tax information. so i thought it was weird and was a package specialist and my first packages were uploaded on my dash board the day of or after ( really fast). i shipped about 10-12 packages  and a few days before my designated direct deposit pay date i was cut off. no network access, the numbers were all of the sudden outside my calling area, and no returned phone calls. i had a big purchase planned for my pay date and i feel completely stupid. these thief's ( i think its a group of 6-10 in nationality because of race) taking advantage of these people in these hard times.... now I have to worry about detectives showing up at my door asking about the items i shipped out that were purchased with stolen credit cards.
I was looking for a remote job and my friend sent me a link from a job posting for African Americans. The website is radiokorea.com and the job post includes how much the pay is and an email as the source of contact. They ask for your photo, which is illegal in the US but is pretty common in job applications in South Korea. I called them to request for more information and they asked me to message them on KakaoTalk, which is a free application much like this. The red flags started coming when the website barely worked and my computer kept blocking me from entering the website because it said it was not secure. They said that the paying process is directly from customer to tutor, meaning that the company does not handle the deliver of the paying fees, which made me wonder how they make profit if they're not taking any commission. The company is allegedly based in Seoul, South Korea and they pay $8.50 per 20 min session if you can tutor and for free talking and $7 per 20 min session for just free talking (basically interacting with the student). The student picks how long they want their session and the student and tutor are the ones figuring out the working schedules. Something just felt off about the whole process, so I looked them up on Naver, which is like Korea's Google and I couldn't find much information about the company besides their own website. They know my full name, email address, and how I look since my bank account is my personal account. I went to look for the job posting on Radio Korea, but could not find it even though they are still actively looking for us. Something just feels off.
I found an online job posting for a dog named for a woman claiming to be "Naomi Scott". She claimed that she and her husband would be moving to my area from Kenya (originally from South Africa) and would need someone to watch their two dogs, a German bear and a husky. We exchanged information about the job through email for a couple weeks until they were about to move in. The emails were important enough for an independent dog trainer position and she sent convincing photos. Then, I received a convincing check in the mail for $2,480 from the husband's company (sic) when I was only expecting $200 to be my first payment. She informed me that the extra money was to pick up dog food and other supplies for their home to be ready when they arrived. She told me to deposit the check that day and to forward the money to a family friend so that I did not need to pick out the items myself. she recognized the call immediately and blocked the nearly $1000 payment I tried to send initially but Zelle, through my bank (USAA), did not and I sent nearly $1000 before cutting off communication because I finally felt too uncomfortable with the situation. The check bounced the next week and the full amount was taken from my account plus a fee for the fake check. That was all the money I had, I was desperate for the job due to work and being a full time college student. Initially I expected my bank to help because I had been warned before but I did not know that I would be held responsible for the fake check and he would not be able to retrieve the money. I feel violated and betrayed and I am worse off than when I was searching for the job.
I was looking at a work from home ad.  The main page was "Homejobstaffing.com." On that page were several links.  I thought it would be safe to register on that page..  However, after I registered, I checked the other links.  They were all pop ups and entries to win money.  I realized this might be a trap, so I started blocking the emails as they came in.  They called several times, sometimes avoiding the ring.  It would just go to an answering machine.  The one call I answered said that all I had to do was pay $100 and then I would have a chance to make thousands.  Red flags. If you don't want your email filled with bad emails or being called 5-10 times a day, don't register with these people!
Now I'm so disappointed I didnot come across the reviews earlier. I myself have fell victim to Express Delivery Solutions as a kid! I was hired on back in August(they sent me the job offer and employment agreement) So I had no reason to feel suspicious about it. Still I did a quick research and found they had a website. If only I had dug a little deeper I would have found they were safe. Nonetheless I proceeded with my trial period which started on 09/02 I was told i would be paid 2800$ after the first month of my trial period and then 1600$ every two weeks afterwards. This job seemed perfect because I am a full time single father and this allowed me to spend more time with my daughter with her school being closed due to Covid-19. I thought this was a great opportunity, but I now realize I have fell victim to helping these men move stolen goods and Im ashamed. I never thought twice to check the package which where always different and my supervisor named Madison always asked me to remove it and now I see why. Today was supposed to be my first day and I woke up with no deposit, so I popped in to my online portal this morning and Madison had wrote me saying more packages would be coming soon. But when I replied asking about my pay, I was locked out of the Control Panel and havenot been able to log back in since. I cried calling the number and the line is busy. This is a tough loss for me because it now puts me in the hold, and I still have bills to pay. I trust God and he knows my heart was in the right place. I hope these bastards get the same coming to them. To anyone reading this if you are in business with them GET OUT! keep the packages and cut off contact with them.
I WAS CONTACTED VIA EMAIL ABOUT A SECRET THE JOB.  THE ONE OF THE EMAIL WAS WHOLE FOODS AND I DO WORK THERE SO I THOUGHT IT WAS LEGITAMITE. THE MESSAGE EXPLAINED THAT I WOULD BE EVALUATING CUSTOMER SERVICE.  I RECEIVED AN ENVELOPE WITH A CHECK (1500+350.63=1850.63) AND INSTRUCTIONS.  I WAS ASKED TO PURCHASE THE GIFT CARDS AND PROVIDE FEEDBACK ABOUT THE EXPERIENCE INCLUDING PICTURES OF THE CARDS.  I SPENT $1500 ON THE GIFT CARDS AND THEY WERE SPENT BEFORE THE CHECK BOUNCED.
I had answered an ad about a new position and I ended up getting the job. The guy said that I would get a check in the mail of $1980. I received it and I deposited it. I got a picture of my bank saying that it was a fake check and that they were closing my account because of it I told him and he said there was a mistake but there was no mistake and I went back to the website and saw that he had changed the name on it
I was contacted by 2 individuals from Flowhux, stating that: Dear Jobee! We are actively hiring for the position of Postal Hub Operator at Flowhux and we thought you'd be a great fit for this position. Flowhux is a subsidiary of Regelia Transportation, and we offer third-party shipping and order management services to businesses. Please find the link at the bottom of this email with job description, benefits, application process and more. We have also compiled a list of most frequently asked questions in a separate news section. If you're still in the job market, we invite you to apply. If hired, you'll be working from the comfort of your own home as this is a remote, work from home arrangement. This offers great salary and outstanding benefits package. Your business hours are from 4 to noon your local time with some exceptions. Your salary during the transitional period will be $2800 and once you're offered a permanent position, you'll receive $3000. The ideal candidate should be able to work independently with minimal supervision. He/she will also have special time management skills, attention to details and multi-task ability. If this sounds like you, we cannot wait to review your application! If you have any questions, please review the next section or reach out to us. Application and job description: http://url3192.flowhux-hr.com/ls/click?upn=MfAmK4-2FAXwWBQS9AL5tyzChD-2Bnr8TCUsPc46x5-2FHZ57fkjHJO0EqraT27AR9dkTARyqQcUtbZ-2FtD5ND5sG8DoGoCdV7gZ0ZxbAPlGrFFh9A-3Dtzy- QnMmjLyskLLwtJ3DtYI-2FyVt2f0FY0vghUTkFtOx61OVLnpIK2URkEt7AkZTEqLDsUHO898I2-2FFzp1JIBL8H-2F2oTK8d4GopW2-2BEjSfupvVoT4SjlsThs1CKA0e4I9iLmTd6W7ToGnZWfLYHPrKrOTqctqoRcuGVFsuuSIlLMXpOPpBeCbNM42vVdmpxPbNVH5luqD-2F0eeNpVJ21OJ-2F2kx0vCiXT2yc69W2bBs2wpbvbc-3D
I initially received a general email stating the below: I am reaching out to see if you would be interested in exploring new opportunities. I am Executive Secretary of Zee Recruiting Inc. Our client has retained us to fill various senior-level positions in one of their recent acquisitions. I was referred to you by an outside talent hiring firm and based on your previous experience I think you are a very credible candidate. If you are interested in learning more, please reply back to this email with an updated copy of your resume and I will connect you with the person leading this project and schedule an emergency call. Best regards, Graham Williams Executive editor Zee Recruiting Inc. www.zeerecruiting.com 153 W 27th & 6th Floor - New York, NY 10001, USA After responding, his counterpart Cristina indicated they were having issues regarding my resume, and as soon as I noted no one else has had this issue, she sent back this: Hello Lauren, We are still having the same issue with your resume. I asked my colleague and apparently, it is a common issue. He instructed me to ask you to check your resume through optimisedresumes.com and see if you can identify and fix the problem. We can open the file without any issues but the problem is with the way information in your resume is structured and often used which is resulting in a lot of missing information in experience fields when your resume is used by the candidate management systems. Please check your resume and try fixing the issue so we don't have to manually type everything in our candidate tracking system. We have a call scheduled with the client on Thursday and I will try to make a brief introduction. I am available for a call anytime on Friday. Let me know a time that works for you and I will give you a call to discuss the next steps and in the meantime please try to get your resume issue fixed so our timing is not affected. Best Regards, Cristina Villanueva Senior Executive with Zee Recruiting Inc. www.zeerecruiting.com 153 W 27th & 6th Floor - New York, NY 10001 The site she proposed is a paid site, and should not occur during the recruiting process.
Sherri Bowman texted me from Kids Incorporated. She informed me that she saw my resume on CareerBuilder for a high paying position. I called company and see that they have a website and they're also on LinkedIn. However, Ms. Bowman asked me to download an app called Telegram. However, I became very suspicious because this is a tracking app and she wanted me to use this for interview purposes. I believe this is a way for me to obtain personal information (e. bank information).
I applied for a job at Marketing180 from a listing off of Facebook (a college job board). I got a text and email from supposedly their vice president, James Nelson, asking me to submit a sample writing assignment for rooms101.com. After completing the assignment (which took a few hours), they ask me to fill out a review of the application process. However, the link they provide for the review is just a brief version of the full reviews page for rooms101.com. I think "o.k., they actually sent me the wrong thing", so I email back letting them know. They send me another link, this time a one which takes me to the book reviews page for rooms101.com. At this point I'm confused. I text James Nelson about this and he says "Yes this is our clients front page. This is just a review of your writing assignment". His line did not follow at all, it had the air of a non-native English speaker attempting to reply to a message that they did not expect. At this point I call their number on their (very professional looking website -- a wolf in sheep clothing perhaps) and don't receive an answer. I call a few more times and notice that their links to their Facebook page and Twitter don't work either. At this point, I'm convinced the whole thing is a dream. Their name is also no coincidence I imagine, as another company with a similar name exists, "180 Marketing", which might be a web site.
I was searching for a job.  I came across the ad for veterans to work from home remotely doing medical training.  I was contacted earlier via email for a job interview on our chat site.  The interview was done all on the band website no video.  She stated that that this is an official interview and asked the typical questions.  The advised that i had the job and a trainer would be calling me shortly also on account only day.   I was told they would be sending me checks to purchase from a vendor office equipment and i would start training as soon as i got the equipment.  They sent me checks via FedEx and i deposited them.  I then sent money to the vendor for the equipment.  I received 4 checks.  The bank accepted the first one, put a hold on the second and forth one and accepted the third check.  I sent money to the vendor to ship all equipment at once.  I have now learned that this is the 1 of the main ones being used. They are using a real company account and sent applications and human resources forms to fill out and return.
I came across an offer to possibly be selected to have my vehicle wrapped for AMP Energy Drink advertisement. Today I received confirmation that I've been selected. A female stating her name as Miss Teresa White as being my coordinator. She stated in a text message that I'd receive a check for 3700 which includes first week's pay of $600 and the rest would be paid to customers to confirm installation appointments. Then there is s a reply START to confirm that.
Initially contacted by another'reporter' Kerry Morgan (kerry@exactrecruiters.com), mentioning I was referred by someone for a position and asked to have my resume sent. 'The project lead (graham@exactrecruiters.com)' contacted to have another version of my resume. He mentioned my resume is not available for their use, instructed me to use a resume review service optimizedresumes.com as soon as possible, because of pending discussion with a client, potential employer. Having been busy at work with existing employment commitment,  I paid the fee ($99) to have this service. 'Graham' requested for a phone call  we set time. Right before the call, he sent an email, saying the deal fell through. I checked the new compatible resume sent back by the service company, realizing nothing had been changed, and also realizing this must have been a dream. (went online, did a search and found similar examples.)
Here is our email correspondence: Hello! My name is Fleur De La Fontaine. You have responded to our Executive Assistant vacancy. I'm'at the and company. We are engaged in storage and delivery best quality cheese from France. The Executive Assistant for Head of Branch is needed now exactly in your region! This individual should be a highly organized self-starter with the ability to handle multiple priorities at once. The ideal candidate is able to build more quickly, both internally and external. Executive Assistant has what it takes to manage a big office and keep you happy. This individual will be integral in helping scale a fast-paced with a culture built on passion, hard-work and fun. It is a long-term job with good prospects. Responsibilities: Help keep CEO on track, running his business, and ensuring they are always in the right place at the right time Plan and attend select meetings, take notes, write meetings and follow-ups Coordinate travel for CEO Be the face of our company and create a welcoming atmosphere for everyone that visits our office: greeting guests, answering and directing calls, opening mail and receiving letters Qualifications: 1+ years prior experience in a fast-paced office environment in a similar role, usually at a time Excellent communication skills both verbal and written Organized and detailed oriented A positive and sunny disposition A professional and polite phone manner A "can do" attitude  someone willing to own more as they get to know the role The ability to make an existing process more efficient We are pleased to offer you the opportunity of participating in the interview process for the position of Executive Assistant for You with a salary of $65,000 per year and the comprehensive benefits package. Please confirm you have interest in this position, and I'll send you more details with my next email. Copyright  copy  2020 Alain Duval, All rights reserved. You have responded to Executive Assistant position Our email address is: France Lyon 2 Bronne Vanault-le-Chatel 51330. Add us to your address book Want to change how you receive these emails? You can update your preferences or anything from this list. Email Marketing Powered by Miss Good Afternoon Fleur, Thank you so much for the invitation to speak more about this Executive Assistant position. I appreciate the opportunity to talk more about it with you! I can provide you with any further information, please let me know. Best Regards,              Hello,     . Thank you for respond. Yes, we think you may be a good candidate on this position. As I mentioned before, here at Le Island, we engaged in storage and selling high quality cheese. Our head office located in France, in the city of Vanault-le-Château. I invite you to have a look at our website: www.fabien-dupond.com Today, we have a large customer base both from Europe and US. The amount of online orders has considerably increased because of the global situation with China. So our bosses decided establish the branch in area of Brooklyn, NY, in order to not lose a time on international shipment. We plan run a branch in the near future, in about 6-7 weeks. The Head of branch (his name is Lucien Gosse) will arrive in 4 weeks in US already with a team. But there are some urgent local matters that should be completed before team's arrival. This is precisely why we have opened the position already now! Please note, you you ll surely continue to work as Executive Assistant after the team's arrival. This is a permanent full-time job position. The only one thing - it will be necessary to work remotely during first 4 weeks till the team's arrival. We know about travel ban because of China. But we have all necessary papers for arrival. As for business process, the most of your duties will be connected with information search and you will can perform the tasks remotely right from your home office on a time of self isolation. The search of temporary warehouse, office furniture, and equipment are the examples of your first tasks. Smart phone and computer will be your basic work tools during the first month of work. Our company will cover all your working expenses associated with the Internet, mobile phone and others of course. Business hours will be standard: from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Saturday and Sunday will be your days off. You'll be receiving salary twice a month: $5,416  - salary (divides on payments every two weeks) $1,562  cash  (in lieu of benefits) $1,375  cash  (Retirement Savings Plan) Total: $8,353 per month. There is very little time left, so this vacancy is opened for immediate employment only! Therefore, if you are still employed and need a two week notice, we cannot proceed this interview, sorry to say. So I hope you are ready for immediate employment. You should confirm your interest, so that I could add your candidacy into the list of interviews. -- Fleur De La Fontaine, Department Marcel - hr.department@fabien-dupond.com
I answered an online ad for a truck driver job. Over the course of 4 days, Stephen Brand gave an Oscar winning performance claiming to be the owner of a Wild Horse Cattle Company LLC. He wanted to hire me. I completed his application which included my social security number, etc. When I inquired about lease/purchase of a truck, he really went to town. He explained his program etc including a $5000 down payment on my part which he so carefully lowered to $2000. He was able to convince my wife and I to agree to send him $2000. When it came time to send it, he explained the best way was to go to work and buy four $500 Net Spend cards and send him copies of front and back sides. This is when my radar hits SCAM!  He did not get the money but he did get all my personal numbers and information normally found on an employment application. I want to warn others to learn of this crime being performed by him on truck drivers.
Claimed to have found my information on the internet and asked me to apply for a job if I was interested, but there was no information about the company I could find anywhere.  Nothing on me or the Web and the correspondance had ID's everywhere.  Promise of $3000 for first month and $98000/year after training with a mentor.
They contacted me about a job opportunity. Me, looking for a job, accepted it because I needed to start working as soon as possible. They contacted me through you. Then they handed me an offer letter. where they discussed that they would be sending me a check for $4900 to "purchase equipment and software necessary for the job". Once the check arrived Gordon Merkel insisted that I deposit the check only. Not to cash it. When I insisted that I could not deposit the check he called me immediately. Two minutes after that happened, he instantly dropped the topic and commenced "training".
They contacted me about a job opportunity. I, looking for a job, accepted it because I needed to start working as soon as possible. They contacted me through you. then they handed me an offer letter. where they discussed that they would be sending me a check for $4900 to "purchase equipment and software necessary for the job". Once the check arrived Gordon Merkel insisted that I deposit the check only. Not to cash it. When I insisted that I could not deposit the check he called me immediately. Two minutes after that happened, he instantly dropped the topic and commenced "training".
500 hundred dollars a week to die for red pepper. Saved all text. Check sent from Wyoming, phone number from Nevada and told to send 2750.00 us postal money order to Chicago. Check amount was 3500.00. I signed the check and made money orders but haven't sent them what should I do?

I received the email below and about a week later, received a letter and father's check in the mail. Email read: It is our pleasure to Welcome you to the Mystery Shopper Program. Assignments can vary from a rapid survey to a weekend stay. it's all based on what projects we are working on at the time. While some assignments may seem appealing, its mandatory to have a consistent and ethical approach. You will frequently be taking mental notes and cautiously logging down key notes when the opportunity arises. We would like to get your primary assignment out to you, as soon as possible. Your commission will be $295 per assignments. With all assignments being time sensitive a proper response and correct execution is critical. This e-mail includes your acceptance in becoming a Mystery Writer. However, we want to confirm your absolute interest in the Mystery Hunter training assignment. Are you willing and able to complete this assignment in a proper manner? We propose that all assignments, due to their availability, are completed within 72 hours upon request. Once we obtain your email confirming your absorption on proceeding with the program, then we will begin processing your application and your first assignment instructions will be sent via postal service. Once you review your instructions and complete your training assignment, you will receive a survey to complete via e-mail that needs to be finished within twenty-four hours. If you have any questions please feel free to contact me at any time. We look forward to your response and welcome you to the team! Hello, Lonnie Harmon 971-317-3468 I did not respond initially but a week or so later, received a letter via USPS Priority mail.  The letter instructed me to immediately deposit the customer's check (also included, for $2,390.73), shop for coins, also purchase 2 $500 American Express cards, send them copies of the front and back of the cards, track certain information (like the "status of the personnel"), and keep the remaining $295 as my commission and to keep the remaining balance of $29.63 for "your next day exercise". When I read the letter closely, there were several technical errors, "you are to go straight to your back to cash the check for record purpose", "there have been complaints about the health of the staff", etc.
When I became employed with clean works I thought that everything was perfect due to them telling me that I was in charge of my contract and I was eligible to hire other people to work under me as long as I paid them throughout my career so I had my wife working with me every night and we made sure we where cleaning and keeping everything together and what they needed and now that the time has come where I have been feeling ill and not able to work they have taken money from me they have disconnected their phone numbers I told them that I'm no longer to work I don't know if I'm exposed to covid-19 and next thing you know his phone is out of service I go to the building and no one is available the lights are out the doors are locked everything is closed basically I called the other number that they have posted on the door and nobody answers that I left a call as well as Sam's phone and phone.  then and the number they had posted just in case they weren't able to be reached but I feel like they are being artists in some way now they have my information they have my social security numbers everything and I'm really nervous about this whole situation I don't know what to do from here I really need help professional help at that to assist me with trying to get my money and my suffering out of the way because I am not able to put gas in my vehicle I am not able to pay my landlord nor am I able to pay my utilities I have to feed my family which I have a three year old son and we are running low on a lot of things and I'm doing the best I can and these people have taken advantage of me I have done my job and they are not trying to pay me today is and and they are no where to be found... Please help??
Consumer reached out via phone to offer car wrap opportunity with an amount to earn money. The seller sent a credit check and the check was deposited, but the check was bounced. In order to receive the amount, the consumer had to purchase $2000 worth of gift cards and provided those to the retailer. The team additionally requested an additional $500 for materials for the car wrap, but consumer was not able to get that until after visiting the bank after the weekend, which is when they discovered that the check was stolen.
I got a job opportunity through a company called red hating. They analyze data and do data entry. I have more control of the whole conversation however it will only let me put one foot in the file slot. Please contact me via email to collect the rest of the notes it better explains everything that happened.
Received an email regarding a job opportunity. Said they received my resume on Career Builder. Offered me a job after I took an online interview and several test to be able to get the job. Sent me an offer of employment letter through email and then I had to take another test. After all test were complete they wanted my car and another proof of address which I sent. Then they Fed ex'ed me a check to buy computer equipment for my home office. The check was from WellMed Bank of Southern California in the amount of $4,950.10. Wanted me to deposit the check into my account and send them a text (which I did not do). The address on the envelope from Fed Ex was from an apartment complex Kings Manor in Miami Florida. They also wanted me to set up the CashApp and instant messages on my phone/computer. All correspondence was through email or mail.
I was contact by Adriana Mancini about working with a company named the  Dons group put  out in Italy. Now right off the bat I was like, okay? Well give this a go. Well I did the first assignment (nothing big just some details about the Real estate in my area. Then the second assignment came around. She wanted me to cash this check that I was supposed to be receiving from a company and then send her a portion of it but take 7% of it out for me and sent her the rest. Well that check bounced and I told her that and she said it must u ve been a mistake well fast forward to today I called the company that I'm supposed to be getting a second check from and that company has no idea what I'm talking about. Now I received a letter of employment from said company with the company's'name on it and signature. She stays in contact with you calls you emails you The whole 9 yards. So be careful if you see this persons name.
I was contacted via text message stating that I had an interview and needed to download a app called Help in order to communicate with the hiring manager. I was then told I would begin work once the materials for the job was received, I did receive a check for $4900 made out to myself. When asked for further instructions I was told to deposit this check into my account through the ATM. I did not see any one in person and communicated daily with the hiring supervisor via telephone only.
They sent me a text message to my phone with a link to click that took me to the website address that i provided above. The website goes into detail of what your "job" is and what you have to do. Super.
Found a link on him for a job offer. I have already filled out the app and put in my info, I fill like this is a " only reason is the email address doesn't seem right. "peter.durant@fedex-eo.com" I realize it too late. Here a  link for a hire form I'm not sure if its yours. "https://form.jotform.com/sandrawood19764/fwj-new-hire-form---48o" Here are the results.
Seemed like a big company and during the interview they asked for my fake ID and Password. Which raised a lot of red flags for me. The were able to get my name, drivers licence, address, email address, phone number, name.

I was interviewed and offered a job in the span of two hours. I mean the interview took up most of the work. With the explanation of my new duties they asked for my personal address and banking info so they can deposit a check so I can go and buy furniture and a printer to set up my new work at home job. I estimate I can expect a $5000.00 check including a $100 bonus that was never mentioned during our conversations/ interview. It all seems too nice .  I think a check will come and bounce as soon as I buy a desk and a printer.
Receive a check for that deposit in my account. It says I will be paid a fee of $295.00 for a secret tour and then I should purchase some American Express Gift cards.
I was contacted about a potential "job opportunity" with Cryptofuture which ended up being a money making scheme. This left me $5,000 in the hole and I lost all of my bank accounts!
I applied for a Web Illustrator/Graphic Designer position on Indeed.com to CABEM Technologies LLC. I was contacted through Indeed shortly after my application was submitted to provide the server with my personal email address. After this was done, I was then contacted through the provided email for a text-based interview via Google Hangouts by someone calling himself Joseph Lancaster (lancaster.cabemtechjobs@gmail.com). I attended said interview on September 23, 2020. During the interview, during which I was asked standard questions about my qualifications and experience. I was told if hired by the end of the interview, I would receive a bi-monthly payment of $5,700.00. After the interview ended, I was asked to stand by for 15-20 minutes while the secretary offered my answers to the "hiring board" for consideration. I would receive an answer after that time as to whether or not I would be hired. Lancaster confirmed to me shortly after then that I was hired. After explaining the benefits included and 12-week probation period, I was sent a list of items I would need to purchase to set up my "home office". This list included items like a Mac Pro, All-In-One Printer, file cabinets, and other office supplies. Lancaster then told me that I would receive a check in the mail shortly to cover the cost of these required items. I was asked who I worked with and how long it takes to deposit checks. I was also asked to once again provide my name, phone number, email address, and physical address to the Human Resources department through this email address: humanresources@cab-bem.com. Over the next 3 days, I was sent several checks and urged to deposit them as soon as possible by the deadline. The checks themselves looked different and were each sent from different locations with different banks. The company's base is in Auburndale, MA  and Lexington, MA. The checks came from Huntsville, LA. I was told to "Go deposit the check" and let them know when I had done so. I mentioned to the elder Lancaster that I wanted to contact the company directly. I asked if there was another way to get in touch with someone over the phone. Instead of referring me to an office number or the company's direct line, was told that I would be contacted by his "superior" shortly. I received a call from California, and from the phone number I submitted with this claim. The man on the other end was very hard to understand, would not directly answer my questions, and did not claim to be from any company at all. His answers to my questions about the company were inconsistent and unreliable. I believe he had a foreign accent. The man asked me to confirm my name. I asked who I was speaking with and the man said only "Fredkin". This is the last name of the company's CEO. All my questions received one word answers like "yes" or "uh huh". The man never gave a title. He appeared to be very uncomfortable. I then asked if it was a "entry-level position". The man continually asked me to repeat myself as if he did not understand. He gave another short wave answer to my question. I asked if it was an entry-level position, then why would the salary be over $65,000. I mentioned that it seemed quite high. The man was quiet for a moment and then told me, "You have all the information you need." He then asked me "Do you still want the job, or should we reject your application?" I confirmed that he should see it and once that was done, the phone call was ended. I began to do research into the company itself and noticed some inconsistencies in the company. Firstly, none of the phone numbers provided on the website are legitimate. I called numerous times only to be told that the number was not in service. I believe the company may have blocked me. Another note is that the addresses posted on their website are residential apartment buildings, not business locations. I checked the IP address location and the results of this were also inconsistent. The IP address was located in Virginia. I don't know for sure if the company itself is genuine, as I don't have enough proof to say that either. However, I do know for certain that I was contacted by a Joseph Lancaster, someone whose photo and name appear on the company website, and either him or someone posing as him attempted to pay me through false checks. I actually never checked the checks, but since then I have received numerous incoming texts and email. I would also like to mention that in our correspondence, the latter used the names CABEM Technologies and CBM Technologies. Another inconsistency in the information I was given. I still have the checks and all evidence of our correspondence here. I can provide these for further investigative purposes. I have physical proof of the claims made above.
           : Hello I am interested in working with you Working Solutions: Hi this is Mrs Sandra the WORKING SOLUTIONS company hiring manager...Welcome to WORKING SOLUTIONS company What's your name and location?            :             and I am located in Albany Ga USA Working Solutions: WORKING SOLUTION is based in Dallas, Texas, and has been around since 1996. We provide home based customer service and data entry. Positions are available for retail, telecommunications, finance, health care, travel, and energy. The company employees over 110,000 independent contractors from across the US. You can work full-time, part-time, or freelance, and always remotely. Positions are currently available as customer service, data entry,Administrative assistant, call center agents. RESPONSIBILITIES/DUTIES: Tasks managing client information in computer system Running and processing multiple documents utilizing Microsoft Word, Mail, and Access to purchase orders Other various administrative tasks,Inputs information from a variety of sources into a computer database. May take customer orders and enter them into a pre-established tracking system. Assignments will be sent to you via e-mail or IM and you will report directly to your immediate supervisor...Can you handle that?            : Do you use the Arise platform because I have a profile already and can't switch to another company to work for Working Solutions: No problem now i will be asking you your interview and i need you to answer me. okay you ever worked from home or online before?Are you currently employed?How many hours do you intend to devote to this job position daily? How many years experience do you have in Assistant/Receptionist?How many years experience do you have in writing reports?How many years experience do you have in sorting and filing documentation? Okay whats your typing speed? Do you have an idea of how to use toM?What is your highest educational diploma?When did you receive it?            : Yes I have worked from home. Yes I do have 1 year experience as an Assistant/ Receptionist. I type an average of 25 to 30 words per minute. I do know how to use them. I have a high diploma. 2006 Working Solutions: Are you willing to work flexible or long hours? Do you have a HP laser printer, computer and printer? Tell Us why you feel you are the right person for this Job? How long do you expect to remain employed with this company if hired?            : I am willing to work flexible/long hours. I can get a printer and say I am the right person for this position because I take pride in my work. I am a very sensitive. I am a busy person and I am always on time and there when my boss needs me. I see a career of at least 10+ years Working Solutions: If hired, how would you like to be paid? Via check or direct deposit What bank do you institute with?            : Direct deposit I have online banking Working Solutions: What bank?            :          Working Solutions: Well you have done well so far and you seem like a perfect fit for this position. I need you to hold on online because I need to forward our conversation to the Head, to enable them see if you are committed and good for this job. I need you to hold back online for few minutes            : Ok will do Working Solutions: Your interview percentage scores and consideration stand is available now on my desk.. Are you ready to know your stand?            : Yes I am ready Working Solutions: Yes For your consideration, You have good news, The good news is....You've just been confirmed qualified for this position.You are welcome to WORKING SOLUTION, You are now given a chance to show your commitment, courage,confidence and be a productive employee.            : Ok thank you so much for this opportunity I am looking forward to working for Working Solution Working Solutions: My superiors will reach you via e-mail or phone for your Position offer-documents and your working paper's. Also they will put you through our company guidelines under US Human Resources Laws and Regulations okay Your salary will be $18 per hour and you will be receiving your payment via Check/Direct Deposit weekly which will be paid to you. You will be receiving your duties online everyday and i will always be online to assist you with any difficulties okay. You would be eligible to Benefits after months of working with the company, Benefits offered are Health Insurance / Vacations / Bonuses okay. I need you to provide me with the following: Your full name, DOB, photo ID,current Home address, Phone numbers, and e-mail address to enable my secretary enter them into the Company's Register for  proper documentation.            : Working Solutions: You will be undergoing a 5 day training and orientation which will commence as soon as you have all working materials and you are rest assured that you will be paid for it....Also you will be mail or email a paper work and a new document during your orientation and training,you are to fill,sign and send back to us okay. You will need some Data-entry/Accounting software and also a time track to commence your training and orientation and also you need the software to get started with work...the work of the time track is to calculate your hours worked since this is an online work from home.            : Ok Working Solutions: The company will provide you a free Apple laptop with a fast internet connection and so as to get bonus on it your hiring manager will put you through how to get your bonus and your W-4 form will be coming along with the working materials you need to start working with okay Here are the name's of the software's you will need to start working with My job business accounting software 2015, US Patent Single Users Pack simply accounting 2015,Apple Final Cut Express 3.5. Upgrade,Norton Ghost 9.0,Microsoft Office XP 2012 Standard Upgrade,Apple tree Premium Accounting 2013 Are you familiar with any of the software?            : I will get familiar with it before I  start training Do I have to purchase these for Working Solutions: Yeah do you make use of that?            : Yeah Working Solutions: You'll be needing $100 for your SOFTWARES INSTALLATION right now So  you you re to move the $100 into your car and I you ll be sending the vendor name tag to you now so she can start purchasing the software.... you'll surely be informed of your expenses            : This is a real sorry not interested in your usual good day ma'am Working Solutions: I donot want you to feel skeptical about me i'm 50 years old with kids i prefer to spend what little time I have left on earth with my kids, not creating elaborate lies. I personally know how it feels to have your hard-earned money taken from you by some arrogant jerk. I freeze when I even hear the word that.. I understand why you are feeling skeptical, as an average consumer, I would be hesitant as well. Don't let your happiness get in the way of a truly promising opportunity for you And the Bible says in Isaiah 40:31:But those who hope in the Lord will renew their strength. They will stand on wings like.  they will run and not grow weary, they will walk and not be faint. So you need to trust us if you wanna work with us            : we just looked it up on the Big Scam Alert and it is a real sorry but you guys are using a name that is legitimate and giving that company a bad reputation sorry but not sorry go find others to say please good day and stay blessed

The company sent me a text message for a job offer saying : Dear Sir/ma, i'm from Redbull Energy Drink Company, would you like to Earn $600 weekly wrapping your car,Bus,Bike or Truck in an ad for Redbull Energy Drink Company. Click on this link  https://zfrmz.com/P2k8LQGsxniDuc1SdyYK. I received a weird letter and a check through                 cash from FedEx.
I was contacted via text message stating my resume had been viewed on CareerBuilder website and it met qualifications for a Data Entry/Customer Service position. I was then instructed to invite the interview manager on Google Hangouts, where i was "interviewed" with poorly written questions. Once i "passed" i was told that funds would be provided via check to buy my office supplies. A check for $5,000 was sent to my home. They wouldn't tell me what to do specifically with the money until I it was deposited. I cut contact after receiving the check and started investigating, only to find red flags everywhere. I contacted ENTERGY and they state that any job opening they may offer will lead back to their official website for information fill out. I was never directed to the site through this.
Like a letter to be a secret letter.  Told me to deposit $2000 check keep $500 and cash out the rest.  Instructions on what to purchase and how to report.  They wanted me to purchase gift cards and log my experience and send them the text picture of the gift cards. I looked up where this is a room. The check is not good and will bounce, they get the gift cards and you are stuck with the bounced check and money to pay back to the bank.  The check was $2,630.00. Told me to keep $500.  Cash the rest to go shop and buy gift cards!   Company name inter link.
Initially I thought I had applied for the Job, but I received an email from an Ivan Chavez who was supposedly the person that was looking for someone with my background for a customer service representative position.  The position paid $55 an hour and was a part-time position.  I asked for more information because I was curious.  I then received an email with a paper application and the job description from Ernest Ventura, Human Resources Manager.  I thought it was interesting, so I sent my resume to info@remerr.com.  There was a link in the email that allowed you to schedule an appointment for a Skype interview.  I set up camp and waited for my interview time which was 11:30 Central.  I did not get a call at that time, so I contacted the receiver, Donald Obrien at 1-520-329-4726.  I left him a message and realized later that that number was on Mountain time, so I was early.  However, Donald called me back and notified me that he would begin the next session.  So we hung up and proceeded with the next session.  He then called me for a brief moment and asked me if I could see him, then he disconnected and started the chat session.  After answering a series of 11 questions in which he only responded to 2 of my answers and it was either, Oh Cool, or yes.  He then listed me on the position again which was the same as the job description I received.  He then asked if I had any questions in which I did.  He answered them and then offered me the position.  He sent me an employment contract agreement which asked for bank account information and my social security number.  Unfortunately, I already gave him my address and he has my phone number and email.  So, I started looking at he website for the company.  I realized that everything was listed on the paperwork accurately for the company except for the email.  To send information through the website, you have to send it to info@remer.com, but to send information to these guys you have to send it to info@remerr.com.  I tried looking for these guys on LinkedIn and could not find them and as a matter of fact there was nothing on the site about this company at all.  I then checked out this website and saw two other people were targeted, so I thought I would share as well.
Susan Colby was the subjects name. She said that they her and her husband needed a pet tree. Payment would be $550 weekly and that I would need to buy items for the dog. They sent a lump sum $2987.02 a check made from Ford company. They wanted me to wire them $2400 to them via email. However when the funds were not available, they asked for me to some how use my money and send them half of the installment. Once I said I couldn't they were very rude. They set up a meet up meeting the day after the transaction.
I was looking for a job and I posted my resume on several websites when I got this offer to be a real estate assistant making $2900 bi-weekly. They sent me an application and a confidentiality agreement and asked me to sign and return. I never gave them my own number so I feel better about that but then they gave me a task to do and after that welcomed me to the company saying I had passed the background check. I worked for them for two weeks and during the first week they asked for my banking information. I sent them a quick check. They told me my pay date would be the 29th of September. After the 5th task was complete, she invited me to the office to train me. I asked for the address and then suddenly she disappeared. Her name was Kate Morgan. Supposedly my supervisor.. The website is very realistic and she even booked me for a phone interview. I'm just lucky I didn't quit my job. The company is a bank. Don't fall for them.
These people are claiming to offer me a job to stay at home and make it a year to package and ship boxes.. sounds way to good to be true. Nothing about the mail sees to be seen.
This company email me a few time requesting me to set up interview appointment, so I finally gave in being unemployed i figure this would a good idea to work from home. They set me up with someone from human resources name Mark Patterson and Marcus Durand. telling me everything about the company how I would be making 2800.00 per month in addition to 50.00  when i mail the package on time. the package will be mail to my house and all I had to do was read or leave and send the package to location where they web-site indicated. I so I do six item in two weeks. to item and on item to UPS. But what really got me was the one they wanted me to pick up a item at Best But so before i decide to pick up the item i call best buy. the operator told me no order has been issue so i call and email the operators. and shipping management. which name are Lucia Bassanelli, Estella Rocchi, Maria Costa, I yet to her from them seen yesterday. I email them call them even message them and no response as of this morning i been kick out of their site. I haven't been able to sign on to the site. they also use 908-540-0513  908-540-0479  908 540-0451. they took advantage of my desperation of getting a job.
I received a check for $2350 and some instructions to be a mystery story and to deposit the check and keep $350. I was supposed to go to two more stores, buy gift cards and take photos of them after I scratched the security codes from the back and TEXT the numbers to Donald Myers at 646-978-1862. I texted the number to get info. They insisted I deposit the check to withdraw funds. I told them I was reporting them to you. They said  to Good luck too.
Susan Colby was the subjects name. She said that they her and her husband needed a pet tree. Payment would be $550 weekly and that I would need to buy items for the dog. They sent a lump sum $2987.02 a check made from Ford company. They wanted me to wire them $2400 to them via email. However when the funds were not available, they asked for me to some how use my money and send them half of the installment. Once I said I couldn't they were very rude. They set up a meet up meeting the day after the transaction.
I was looking for a job and I posted my resume on several websites when I got this offer to be a real estate assistant making $2900 bi-weekly. They sent me an application and a confidentiality agreement and asked me to sign and return. I never gave them my own number so I feel better about that but then they gave me a task to do and after that welcomed me to the company saying I had passed the background check. I worked for them for two weeks and during the first week they asked for my banking information. I sent them a quick check. They told me my pay date would be the 29th of September. After the 5th task was complete, she invited me to the office to train me. I asked for the address and then suddenly she disappeared. Her name was Kate Morgan. Supposedly my supervisor.. The website is very realistic and she even booked me for a phone interview. I'm just lucky I didn't quit my job. The company is a bank. Don't fall for them.
These people are claiming to offer me a job to stay at home and make it a year to package and ship boxes.. sounds way to good to be true. Nothing about the mail sees to be seen.
This company email me a few time requesting me to set up interview appointment, so I finally gave in being unemployed i figure this would a good idea to work from home. They set me up with someone from human resources name Mark Patterson and Marcus Durand. telling me everything about the company how I would be making 2800.00 per month in addition to 50.00  when i mail the package on time. the package will be mail to my house and all I had to do was read or leave and send the package to location where they web-site indicated. I so I do six item in two weeks. to item and on item to UPS. But what really got me was the one they wanted me to pick up a item at Best But so before i decide to pick up the item i call best buy. the operator told me no order has been issue so i call and email the operators. and shipping management. which name are Lucia Bassanelli, Estella Rocchi, Maria Costa, I yet to her from them seen yesterday. I email them call them even message them and no response as of this morning i been kick out of their site. I haven't been able to sign on to the site. they also use 908-540-0513  908-540-0479  908 540-0451. they took advantage of my desperation of getting a job.
I received a check for $2350 and some instructions to be a mystery story and to deposit the check and keep $350. I was supposed to go to two more stores, buy gift cards and take photos of them after I scratched the security codes from the back and TEXT the numbers to Donald Myers at 646-978-1862. I texted the number to get info. They insisted I deposit the check to withdraw funds. I told them I was reporting them to you. They said  to Good luck too.
This film is about a fake job where they report on your text message and they ask if you own a car or bike. And they want you to create a product for them like mountain Dew.  Aquafina or Bud light but its false they have no association with these products they just want to take your money. They tell you that your jobna make 1000.00 a week just driving around doing your regular routine.  And that they will send you 5.000.00 check that is after filling out a job application.  Then they text you and ask if you are the one who contacted them.  And that you should always answer them immediately.  They will send you a bank check certified mail for 5000.00 and you are to deposit it in your account. you are to take 1000.00 for yourself the first week  and the other 4000.00 you will withdraw for  the year that's supposed to come and install the parts on your car.  When you deposit the money.  They will ask for a version of the event.  Then they will try to get you to get a money order or a way to get them the cash like cash app.  They are hoping that while the check is about to clear that you will take out your own money send them while they're your check is about to clear.  Which will never happen.  The check is void.  That's how they tried to get me but I wouldn't send any money until the check cleared which never happened.
There is a female on Facebook promoting working from home. She provides the hourly rate of $22.50 per hour. She then tells you that some one from the company will reach out to you for a phone interview through the app "Hello" and the company email is Stackresource.org company name Stack Resource. Attached is some of the questions they ask
I received an email for a work at home postal hub operator. I had a short phone interview and then an offer showed up in my email with them needing my personal info to run a background check. It sounded too good to be true so I did more research on the company and couldn't find much about them. No bad info, no linked in info. So I saw that others were dealing with this same scenario.  I did not give them any info personally except for my email and phone number. I just don't want others to fall for this.
I received an email saying they ran across my email and would like to offer me an job. I ask for an complete job description and they sent me an paper to sign stating the files they send me are confidential information. I sign it an sent it back, I was told to download the WhatsApp for my interview ( red flag started for me)  they gave me an code witch I never used because they called me on regular I didn Don t answer and then I received an text I n the WhatsApp saying they have been trying to call me. I finally answered very confused they gave me no time or day of interview they just called. She ask me was I married and do I have children and I went off. I told her I didn't want to further this interview and she was like I will send you an email. And the email offered me the job but was asking personal information. I didn u t respond for an couple days and they continue to email me, I told them I didn't think they wore legitimate and my reasons and they stop chasing me. They only have my full name.
I'm looking for a job so I receive call about available position in New Jersey as soon as I said yes they hung up and wouldn u t pick up again

I applied for jobs at indeed.com out of the blue this company called me and asked if I was interested in being an order clerk working at getting packages coming to my home and picking them up some have been if completed within a specific time frame.  I asked was it legal they said yes sent me a contract of what I will be doing and so forth.  I received packages at my address and inspect them so had FACTORY sealed which you don't open.  Everything is done through email.  You click task received package received take pictures send them to them and they send you an fed ex or Ups label to print out and take it to the place.  They say you will receive salary 12.50 an hour. You work from 930 am to 630 pm Monday to Friday and some packages mostly all are 35.00 minutes.   I started August 26 2020 you have to wait 30 days to get paid.  September 26 would have been when I should have receive my pay.  They tell you to set up direct which I did.  I only have 1.31 in that account.  No payment was ever issued I tried to get into the task panel to check on if there was any packages the website kicked me out it keep saying INVALID password/ account.  This was December 21,2020 so they removed and locked me out of everything.  My suppose to be training manager LARRY DAVIDSON phone keeps ringing disconnected possibly no answer 202 932 8857.  The other numbers are answering machines no one ever picks up.  This business need to be investigated because this down right illegal.  They ask for you to send a copy of your driver's license so they can process your paper work to work. 6
This company rewarded me with a job opportunity during lunch which was a work from home position that i couldn't refuse. They started as a person named "i" at first saying they found my profile to which i matched a lot of what they were looking for in hiring a person (self-made, motivated, etc). I assumed they found me on Linked in or i was also sending job applications like crazy, so i figured that could have been it as well. I asked to hear more about the position and that i was interested, they sent me about 5 attached documents and "CC"d in the name named "Uncle." I tested to ensure they had a real website but unfortunately never called the number or actually looked up the address on the website (as I should have) On the contract they sent, I signed my signature, proof of my address, my phone number, and a copy of my drivers licence. Apart from that, they also asked me for a picture of myself holding my phone. They said after the work was complete and to ensure i was paid on time, I would get one check per month without taxes being taken out. after the first month, I could get my benefits and have to fill out more paperwork. I sent them email after email to no reply and then realized the original person to email me was a fake email address and had changed. the number i called was disconnected. I never got paid, I closed the bank account they were using for direct deposit and still did their dirty work for them.!!!
I was contact via email by a person pretending to be job security (jackiedixon009@gmail.com) stating that a company named Remer SRL was looking for a customer service firm. I replied that I would like to have further information on the job and position. I was then handed an application with a brief description of the job.They wanted to pay $55.00 an hour for the position after 2 weeks of paid training where they would pay $30.00 an hour. I was setup with an interview for the following Monday. The interview was strange as the guy didn't want to do a video call but a chat interview where I was given a list of questions. I saw his face for a total of 30 seconds then he shift completely to the chat. After the interview I was called and told that they were offering me the position and that I needed to complete the paperwork to finish the process. The paperwork was very simple but it requested my banking info, a copy of my ID, and my SSN. Attached is the application that was passed over.
I found out about this company through a job listing and applied to said listing as it seemed like a good fit based on my work experience. I was contacted by the company and we set up an interview. I was suspicious right away after looking at this companies website, but I figured I'd take the interview out of curiosity. The interview was a group video call that was a sales pitch, not an interview, which broke down how this company actually works, and through learning more I'm confident this is a multi-level marketing team that is taking advantage of people who are out of work and desperate during a global epidemic. This is completely unfair and these type of companies shouldn't be allowed to lie and abuse the current difficult situation many are in. You can also see they have several reviews on Glassdoor calling this company out for their practices as well.
Asked for my name, full address, phone, email, bank name. Wanted me to deposit a check which I was very suspicious of. Called the phone listed on the company website. Didn't seem operating. Thought it was a legitimate job offer but then I got suspicious. No words. Only two results on stage. Tried to get more info from me. Wanted me to deposit a check.
I was contacted via my indeed resume from this company, Woodrow Logistics Inc. regarding interest in recruiting me for a payment manager position. The position offered a high salary with remote working location, regardless of experience. I dated a Kathleen Layne for several days, without an interview or meeting, and was offered the position. I decided to look up their website and email, and noticed there was minimal information on the company. After researching the date of creation for their website domain, it was less than one week old. They sent a form to obtain personal information, and I did not reply. Please be aware of these signs, as they are not obvious at first glance.
I sent fillets of conversations

I sent an inquiry to Ford Models on Saturday looking to start getting into plus size modeling. This company was looking for brand ambassador and also included help with a portfolio and modeling jobs. Someone from this page asked me after I sent the inquiry with a selection a clothes to pick from to begin things. I was told the clothes were free and that all I had to pay was a shipping and handling fee of $12.95. After paying, I was then told it would take 2-3 business days for the clothing to arrive and that I would receive an email from a representative with information regarding a portfolio and photo shoots. It has now been a week and I have received nothing and the entire page has now blocked me. ONE OF THIS PAGE! ITS AY AND ALL FRAUD!!!
She sent a text offering an employment opportunity and requests receiver to reply with "YES" if interested.

I was offered a job with this company and I am just not sure it is legal.  I would receive packages through the mail sometimes with my name and sometimes not and I am to open them.  I would like to think this is real but something just isn't right.  The address is actually a hotel and when I do a search for them they don't show up.  I looked them up on your site and they are not there.  I did send my drivers license and put in my social security number
The pressure from crowdstaffing has reached out to me via email for job opportunity at home. When I called back the number initially no answer so I left a call. She called back the next day and we discuss about the role. During the phone conversation she ask for my personal info like DOB and last 4 SSN as she claimed that it was need for them to create my profile/ application. She also insisted for me to respond on an email and type  what I confirmed it. She also ask me to modify my resume to include specific text need for the job and ask me to send it to her as soon as possible so she can process my application. I had a funny feeling that it was him! Because during conversation she was talking very fast and then asking these personal information. And while I tried to interrupt she seem annoyed and just wanted to keep explaining to me about the job details. Even after I told her that I'm not interested on contract position she tried to sway me that how good of the opportunity...but to me it sounded all too good to be true. But then again I made a huge mistake sharing her my personal info. And after that phone conversation I spoke to a friend and told her about what happened...she felt that it was over. Now I'm afraid that pretender will use those info to rip me off.
I was recently contacted via text message by someone using the phone number (609) 697-2566. This person claimed to be one Mr. Alan F Herbert representing Blossom Spring Publishing, a company based in the United Kingdom. They claimed that Blossom Spring Publishing was looking to open offices in the United States and thus needed to fill a great many positions. They claimed that they had received my resume from Indeed and would like to interview me for an editorial position in their company. I had recently applied for several such positions on Indeed but did not remember Blossom Spring Publishing being one of them. I checked my account and found that I had not applied to the company. This raised my suspicions, so I contacted Indeed to confirm if it was possible that they might have shared my resume with companies I hadn't specifically applied to if they were searching for candidates to fill positions similar to those that I had applied to. I decided to cautiously treat the person claiming to be Mr. Herbert as though they were legitimate until I had proof otherwise but would not share any information with them that was not included on my resume. I scheduled an interview for later that evening and was surprised and again suspicious by the revelation that the interview was to be conducted via the app Telegram Messenger. I went along with the interview, remaining careful not to reveal any information which was not listed on my actual resume. After completing the interview I was almost immediately presented with a job offer. Which, again, deepened my suspicion. I was sent an email from the address career@blossomspringspublishing.com. This too was suspicious, as the website for Blossom Spring Publishing is blossomspringpublishing.com, not blossomspringspublishing.com. The email contained a PDF document of an offer letter. The letter itself contained a number of technical errors and confusion. I asked about them but was not given an answer. reached out to Blossom Spring Publishing via both the company website and the company Facebook page to explain that I had been offered a position with the company that I found suspicious and to confirm as to the legitimacy of  the Alan Herbert,  as a representative of the company. As of the time of writing, I have yet to receive a response. The next day, I was sent an email containing a PDF file of a check for $2,300 made out to one Kelly Sheree       along with instructions that I was to print the check out and deposit it into my bank account via a mobile banking app. I did not do this. I was contacted again via Telegram Messenger with instructions that I was to purchase a number of software licenses to install on a Mac Pro that was going to be shipped to my address and that my purchases would be reported in full. I did not do this. I inquired as to why it was necessary for me to purchase licenses at all, arguing that certainly the company could purchase the licenses and then provide me with the download key upon the arrival of the supposed license. I was told that it was standard business practice to have new owners purchase their own licenses. At about that time, I was contacted by a representative of Indeed relating to my inquiry from the previous day. I was told that Indeed had no knowledge or record of the company Blossom Spring Publishing and that my resume had not been shared with any entities aside from those to which I myself had applied.
Individual reached out asking for me to be a brand ambassador. Could not provide a location and asked for shipping on first order. I could find no way they were very short with the information they provided about their business.
A person pretending to be Sam Archer reached out about finding my resume from a job forum. I conducted a chat interview using the platform Wire. I first thought this was odd, but the 2nd interview was a phone call from their Head of Product, Paul-Edouard Juan. The guy who called said he was okay. An offer letter came in with the job details and benefits along with a photo. After a few days "training" was supposed to start. During this "training" a person by the name of Sohar Sattar who was a Product Specialist was going over the equipment needed for the remote job. At first they said Withings would mail all the office equipment. Now that informed me that I would receive a check in the mail to purchase the listed items for office supplies from a preferred vendor. That's when it gets weird. She then tells me to download software on the computer I will buy. I open the software and up popped up- JOBs. I did more digging and looks like the company is actually real BUT these people are stealing the identities of employees that actually work there and pretending to be them to find people who are looking for a job. Sam Archer email address was sam@withingsmedia.com. THIS IS WRONG the real Sam is sam.archer@withings.com. I reached out to the real company to let them know what is happening.
I was interviewed online via Chat for a Data Entry clerk.  I was offered the job on September 18th.  They told me that they would mail me a check for $4900 to buy supplies like computer, printer desk, time clock etc. to start working for the company.  My official start date was September 25th. I deposited the $4900 check into my account on September 21st.  The bank held the check until today and it did not go through.  The bank charged me $12.00 because the check did not clear.  My "Managers" name is Christopher Wortham and the "Coach" is Lindsay Thompson.
I've been working for a supposed Real Estate company called Capital, and I started out receiving checks and sending them payments thinking it was a payment for commercial real estate. When I realized it was a car. I had to send the money in many different ways via email, through the mail, Western Union and MoneyGram. I thought I was doing good, honest real estate work... working towards my real estate license and then come to find out it was all a fraud and the checks I deposited got rejected by the bank potentially losing that much out of my account. The man/woman doing the shooting took a name of Dana Mancini.
I was registered on Glassdoor and have been involved with many companies. Pepsico had a job on Glassdoor. I received an email saying I was selected to apply for a remote job with them. They wanted me to answer 21 questions in Word Doc about how I work, which is standard lately. Then they wanted a Skype text interview. Still pretty standard. They offered me the job and said they would be sending me a mini office to use. Still standard. 1 previous company I worked for did this and my sister's company did this for her. The red flag was they were going to send me a check to cover the cost of the equipment (over $10,000) and I was to purchase it from THEIR vendor. Some some job ads and found this was a 'thing' in Canada in 2018. They would send you a real looking (but fake) check for over the amount and then ask you to send them a check for the price. Their check goes, you're out over $10,000. I ended this before I lost any money. Thank you too.
Owner calls you without proper paperwork, no legitimate address or number, used her personal phone. makes you sign a contract to reduce your pay to minimum wage if you quit and doesn't give you your final payment. Also doesn't provide any of the financial needs of the clients although it is s an IT service
I received a text message from someone on a feeling very weird I usually receive phone calls and emails about positions. The person invited me to join on some pages to do a text interview which was another flag/question mark for me and the way the person was detailing that I'll be having a direct deposit as a requirement really through me off and that was when I realized this seems like a dream.
Responded to a post on Facebook from a Crystal M site in Castle Rock, CO about remote part-time work. The person asked a few screening questions and directed me to reach out to the Supervisor via Google Hangouts. I proceeded to chat with a Mr. Anthony Matthew who claimed to have a BA in Economics and a MBA from Columbia and located in New York, NY. I was asked several more questions that lead to my being asked what Bank I use and if I have credit cards. I requested proof of legitimacy multiple times with no response.  They kept asking if preferred my payments in Direct deposits, Wire Transfers or Credit Cards.
Promised a Work from Home position for Corporate Office in UK. All seemed to good to be true... I did some research and Viola! When I received this check this morning I knew something was up. Wow!
Earn $500 weekly for Having "Dr Pepper" been plastered for Christmas on your Bike/Car/Truck/Boat/Horse/Cart. Click on the link below for more info https://goo.io/TMvYnfB
Part Time Special Assistant is needed in your region only. This Job does not affect your current job. No experience is required. Design Inc specializes in Interior Designers, Design  and  Art collector, sculptures with a large clients base. MAIN DUTIES: MAIN DUTIES: (A)You are required to source and order Sculptures and arts materials from any assigned stores. (B)You are required pay our material suppliers bills on our behalf after we have ordered art  and  sculpture materials from them without using your personal fund. We will provide fund for you to do that. (C)You are required to monitor our shipment from our suppliers until the materials are delivered to designation destination. BENEFITS We Pay $700 Per Week    Bonus: $200 after 15 days Working Days: 2 - 3 days Per Week    Hours: Flexible AD ' D INSURANCE /401(K). SPECIAL NOTICE: All troops will be in your region. You are allowed to open any packages delivered to you All expenses and taxes will be paid by me without any delay All instructions will be given to you via Texts, Calls and Emails. NOTE: You will undergo a week training and get paid for the training. all the training package will be sent via USPS Kindly complete below information if you can ready to ready to get started.. Thanks             (PDF) XXX-XXXX Artiniums Design Inc Apply: https://forms.gle/GsvXhyaV4sC5KZWJ8
Applied for position Shipping Clerk  whereby you receive packages at your residence  take picture and report contents on Co Dashboard and label downloaded you print and send out package,  Signed contract(kept all documentation in case) payment was once a month and when it was time to pay they shut down and never responded to phone calls or emails.  All their documentation looked extremely real and professional

I was contacted via email and this is what it said: Hello my name is Michael. I am a hiring manager. I have reviewed your resume that you posted on "Indeed" and would like to offer the following position: Position: Service Clerk Job Type: Remote/Flexible time Job Category: Sales Department Salary: $ 875 /week Bonus: $ 115 for every processed order Overview: We are looking for a Service Clerk to take on various administrative tasks. Your main responsibilities will include keeping financial records, preparing bills and delivering high-quality customer service. We're looking for an individual with a keen eye for detail, strong math skills and the ability to multi-task efficiently. You should also be smart and an excellent cook. Your goal will be to ensure our accounting procedures run smoothly. If you are interested, let me know. Kind regards, Michael Hundley
I found a job listing for a logistics job where i was given an email to request more information. After sending my resume I got an email 3 weeks later looking to hire me. A woman called me to schedule a brief phone call to go over the position. After playing phone tag for 2 days I finally received a call. The woman asked me what was the role at my last job and right after she offered me the job with out hesitation. I tried to ask more questions but she said all the job info will be in an email where i can sign and look over. I got the email and looked over the position and all looked good. I started to submit my tax forms when i began trying to do more research on this company. There is nothing online about employees or reviews of this company. Along further digging into their website there are significant word errors and sentences that don't make sense. I began to click on their social media links at the bottom of their page and they are fake links that take you to the main website. I tried looking for them on social media since they have posted positive reviews on their site from their followers and there is nothing on Twitter with that name. So I decided to image search the images of the employee photos they have on theirs site and found out these photos are of people with a different names working in different careers then what is posted on innsbrooklogisitics.com website. All the results lead to a scandal and fraud and now i am concerned my information is compromised. I donot want someone to fall for this man.
Went through interview process for a work at home position for data entry. They had their vendor that sends out the material to connect my name to the company. They asked for my name and password and changed my location information so I couldn't log in. They also made posts on my page that I didn't approve of. Next problem they informed they would direct deposit into my cash app. They asked for my cash app tag name, my email, my PIN number and also the route and account number to my bank account. I informed them I have no reason to give them so much information and to send me a check in the mail they refused. They also had me to send $50 for shipping and handling for shipping the material through here overnight but it has never been shipped and told me it would have to be sent through regular delivery.
I was reached out for a job opportunity via email because of CareerBuilder. The position is for an Assistant Manager in a Real Estate Investment firm. I called them back that I was interested in the position and we set up a phone interview. I scanned the company and find that that they seemed happy. Overall, I passed the first and second interview and was hired by them. It was a work from home job opportunity due to COVID-19, where I am to be paid $26/hour with benefit. I filled out the employment agreement they sent via email. At first, I had to go through training, and during training, they advised me that because they are an international company they can only offer me a 1099 contracting position. However, they wonn't send me a 1099 form until I finished my training and officially I am not really working for the company. They sent me various tasks for me to do, such as opening a new bank account and sending a bank deposit slip to them via their online portal. I sent in just how I would need to with any job. They deposit money into the account and I was tasked to withdraw the money and deposit into BitCoin ATM and send it the Wallet # provided. At first, it was a small amount and then it gradually got big. And recently they applied a loan under someone's name and sent the money to my account. My account was closed due to this incident. And now their home has disappeared. I have no way to access their main portal. I was not paid for any of the work that they tasked me to do. Because I thought it was a great job opportunity I provided them with all my personal information through the employee portal. Now I'm getting security alert that my information is compromised.
She sent several emails with others requesting information.  Requested State ID (Drivers License) and then asked for a passport. I stated not everyone has a passport. Asked for information, resume, position, position choice, at least twice as though there was a language barrier. Asked for a completed form that included my banking account and routing number along with the name and address of the bank. I've been unemployed since the accident and have yet to receive any of my unemployment compensation. Registered with online job boards for "virtual" employment. I believe the above listed is or was trying to take advantage of my situation.
Presented for a job interview after an ad on Google - they discussed an opportunity as a security / front desk person for various buildings that they provide housing for - I was asked to pay for OSHA training and Security Guard training program that would then be offered to me after starting the job.  The same woman Ms Romero - took my money, provided me it and told me that I was perfect for the job.  She then instructed me that Mr Josh would be taking me for Orientation, etc and then I would start working - none of this took place, they took my money and now I find that this is a trap and I have lost my $739.00 There were several other people there who were paying and it is actually happening - there is no employment opportunity - this is 100% a fraud.  I am extremely disappointed and upset that I fell victim to this
I was contacted via email by Mr. Ector Savilis from Loft, LLC and was offered a "Administrative Assistant" position at Loft, LLC. I was also given an employment contract to sign and return. I was asked to apply for the job (after it was offered to me) and provide my photo (self) with their web address written on a paper and displaying it on the photo. They didn't interview me and also never responded to any of my questions I asked in my email correspondance. I started having suspicion of their approach and the nature of the business. When I asked to have a video call with Mr. Savilis, he stopped responding to my emails. I followed up a several time, but no response. Recently, they also took down their website (http://loft-wallet.com/). I want to make sure that no one else are impressed by this case and the company (Loft-wallet, Ltd.).
I applied to a job inquiry on Indeed. They say they hire anyone no matter the background- seems to be focused on women getting jobs. I got contacted by phone for an "interview" that was clearly read from a script and they couldn't answer what they do. They said they create events for fortune 1000 companies, but there is not proof of that anywhere on the internet. They wanted me to come out to their location in Renton for an in person interview. Their website is only a month or two old. Their Instagram has 2 followers, and there is no Facebook or LinkedIn account for them. I couldn't find any employees online and no mention of the company except their own website. I don't know if it is a joke, as I didn't feel safe going to an in person interview for them. I just don't know if it is a legitimate business.
Saw ad on Facebook for making money on car wrap advertising. received text message asking to give bank info and received 2 checks. One with my name on it and another for someone I don't know. In text they ask for me to pay for a security deposit and to call number for the finance department to give bank info.
job offer referred by college to help a person to distribute charity funds to orphan families. send money to me and have me help buy gift cards and send them to the school.
Contact originally came from Dr. Pepper by way of my computer. Then all the other information came by way of my I phone. They weren't making any sense so I questioned them and they referred to the Dr. Pepper ad. and I was supposed to deposit the 2999 check into my bank and keep 600 for my first weeks work and send them the difference. This is when we called the cops.
 " I was contact initially via text message by someone by the name of Jessica Pham (###-###-####) on 9/22/20 who stated she had found my resume posted on Mental Health America. Please note, I have not posted my application on this website. I was told that my resume was reviewed by the Talent Acquisition Team and that I was being recruited for the title of Patient Care Services for the new office that is being built in Louisville, OH which will be ready in 2 months. She proceeded to let me know that I would be receiving an email from the company and that I would need to set up a Page or an app so that the hiring manager could contact me. After checking my email, I noted that I received an email from Jeffrey Hansford (jeffrey@appliedcause.com) with the following message: Dear      , Our Recruitment team has reviewed your resume posted on Mental Health America in regards of the Patient Care Services position. We are very pleased with your listed qualifications so we believe you have the requirements to undergo an online interview with our Hiring Manager, Amanda Bond to discuss the duties within the job, along with the pay scale. Your information has been handed on to the Hiring Manger, Amanda Bond. She will be conducting the interview via Hangouts or Skype ( Chat Instant Messaging) The interview will last about 15 minutes via Skype or Hangouts. You are required to download and set up a Skype or Hangouts app on your mobile phone or computer and invite the Hiring Manager Amanda Bond with her email (amanda.bond006@gmail.com) to proceed with the full Job description, company services and Interview section. This is our first step to proceed further. She will be on online waiting for you. Note: You are to search the Hiring Manager on Skype or Hangouts using her email by typing (amanda.bond006@gmail.com). Compensation: $50 per hour during training and $55 per hour once you resume fully with work. Pay: Weekly via check or direct deposit. Work Time: Part-Time / Full Time.... Working hours are flexible. Kindly contact the Hiring Manager now for the interview or let us know what time works for you. Best Regards, Human Resources www.appliedcause.com I already had Skype so I reached out to Amanda Bond. Jessica Pham wanted me to confirm that we connected which I did let her know. On the Skype dating app, I was then in communication with Amanda Bond (Amanda.Bond006@gmail.com). She proceeded to tell me very little about the position and then put me through an "interview" process letting me know the results would be available the morning of 9/23/20. This morning, 9/23/20, I conferred with Amanda Bond who let me know I was selected for the position, how much I would be paid during training as well as once as a regular employee. She then shared that I would need to get equipment and software and that the company would provide all the funding as well as a $200 bonus. I have searched the internet for AppliedCause as well as their address through the past however I have found nothing, which is why I am reporting this to you. I did provide personal information and I am currently looking for a position.
Email the school account email offering a part-time job being a dog owner/garden.  Currently owner is pregnant and cannot walk the dog 3 to 4 days a week Duties also included bathing and feeding the dog. Made a check and told to cash it through phone scan. Then contacted that it was accidentally printed wrong amount and just return through Zelle. New check will be sent. Check Was from a foundation in Woodland Hills California
Company name is Capital Consult Group. Employment for mystery shopping and survey. David Riser General Manager contact number 859-667-8810 or 323-315-0858... email contact 2020surveyreports@protonmail.com.... I received a fake check with my name on it and a fake signature stamped. Fraud!!1
I sent in my resume to apply to a job that was posted on Craigslist.com. I then received an email back saying that I was selected for the position of remote administrative assistant (which was not the job I had applied for) for The Mom Project, Inc. (which was not the company I had applied to) based on a thorough review of my resume. I was given details of the job and was asked to send back an acceptance letter, which I did. I then received an email back asking for my name and address so that they could mail me a check for $2950 - $2450 to purchase office equipment for the job and $500 for my first week's pay. Since I could not find a company email or phone number on these email communications, I called a representative of The Mom Project, Inc. separately and found out that the job offer was canceled and the company's Indeed.com account had been blocked a few days prior.
Received a text from a letter S   , saying my resume has been reviewed and approved by the tax, and asked if I was interested in a position to work from home. (offering position via text, 1st sign) I said sure.  He gave me a bit more information, including $30 per hour for training and $35 per hour to actual work doing at home (2nd sign) and they got my resume off Indeed.  He said the interview was on Telegram. (3rd sign) He passed me to a Mr B      who is the personnel hiring manager, Human Resources of Novartis International AG.  Wanted to interview right then at 8:30 but I wasn't available until 4:30, and he was good with that (4th sign) We did a whole interview via Telegram.  I passed and I would be a good fit for the company.  I asked him different questions and it was like pulling teeth (5th sign). Then he told me to get the software necessary they would send me a check and I could keep $150 signing bonus then use the rest to get the software from their approved vendors.  I told him I wanted a formal offer sent via email for the job before anything else happens.  He said I would get one and then kept pushing for me to get the information from their approved vendors. (6th sign) I again told him not until I receive a formal offer and that I wanted to talk to my husband.  He said okay.  Once I sat down with my husband he pointed out that if it was legitimate why wouldn't a big company like ours have an IT department that would PUSH the software to me? Why would I need to "buy" it? Plus, the software was dated 2011 and 2008.  No big company would use that old of software.  I don't expect a formal offer anytime soon.
I received a check for 3,750 to use their company on my car.
I was contacted by this company through email, they said they found my resume on Indeed.com and thought I'd be a good fit. The benefits seemed really good, and the pay was $38.40 per hour, full time, which is extremely big. I was "hired" by this company as a "Payment Manager", with literally no interview. I connected with a woman named Lisa Milton via email, then through a messenger app called Telegram. They said I would be working remotely. On the first day, they gave me instructions on the tasks I needed to complete, as follows: "You will receive funds from the accounting department through Zelle. As soon as you receive the funds, you need to inform me about it. After that, you need to get to an ATM or bank branch to cash out 95% of the total amount. 5% is your reward. As soon as you withdraw funds from the bank you should inform me about it. Because I have to send a confirmation to the accounting department that you have withdrawn funds. After that, you need to get to the ETH (BT) ATM and deposit cash into the ETH (BT) ATM.(I will give you the address of the nearest ETH, later) Please let me know if you are ready to process the payment." (ETH stands for Ethereum, and BTC stands for Bitcoin) I immediately knew that no business would ask their employees to use their personal accounts to transfer money. Red flag! When I looked into the company and tried to contact them with the phone numbers on their website, the numbers were disconnected. When I asked "Kim" about the disconnected phone numbers, she gave me some clues about how the operators have "disabled incoming calls". The hourly pay of $38.40/hour was very low, so I could see how someone could fall into this trap, thinking it's some kind of big break.
A woman Anna Westmoreland made a post on Facebook promoting a work from home job for $17 an hour etc. She instructed me to download Viber app. For an interview they asked me for my full name, gender, age, area i lived in, I had responded with saying that I was American and wondered if they could prove to me that this was legitimate and never got a response. Someone had informed me that Anna really worked at a McDonald's I confronted her through messenger on Facebook and she blocked me.
Was told this was a work from home an Assistant job. I had to get starting supplies such as blank check paper, printer ink, and small paper. The pay was supposed to be monthly but I never received compensation for the work I did or payment for the supplies I purchased as was discussed and put in a "contract" I was awarded upon being hired.
Scam Type Employment Scam Business Name Used Car Car Advertisement agency Jones auto wrap campaign manager Date Reported May 23, 2020 Victim Postal Code 68124 Total Dollars Lost $ in known form Description Ad for car wrap advertising pop up on an ad. Sent name and address to the ad and was sent a check with instructions. Pay was supposed to be $500 per week, but the check was for 3850.00. She wanted a copy of the deposit being texted to them as soon as the check was in the bank and the balance was supposed to be paid to their "lawyer". They also offered an Amazon gift card for $200 if you did this within 24 hours of release. First National bank deposited it number is fake as are two emails provided
I was first contacted by joshua@laurenceservice.site about a job as a Logistics Clerk. Then I received an email from Rayanne Waters, aH. I was very sure this could be a trap. They sent me a contract and was very professional. They had me go to Best Buy stores and pick up items that were purchased and paid for and I would package and send from UPS with a private label. I started to believe it wasn't a game because they never asked for my social security number or bank info and everything was paid for. I was told I would get paid $183 and for miles (228 mi) $ 4. Then I was told that 8 due to the holiday. I'm still waiting and they are no longer answering my calls or emails.
I get constant text messages from different numbers. But it's always the same message: "And this is Jack from Work At Home. You have been recommended a seat in our system! Earn $499 a day! Claim your seat: (link to click on here)
Promised Project Manager work from home job with 5 weeks of paid training, 4 weeks online, 1 in New York. Took 4 weeks of tests online for agreed paid training. Open book, so tests were easy. Offered mini-project, during training for extra money--which was the same, to buy 6 of X, using their Purchase Order (PO). PO was supposed to deposit to my account but never does. Michael Atwood, lead actor, never returns phone calls, only e-mail. 1st red flag. Angela Adams was the original contact, who disappears after first introducing the team. 2nd red flag. I couldn't find any of my e-mail with her or open the Transpoint Shipping Lines website. Then a week later, Michael Atwood contacts me, posing as the lead man, who will be my training lead. Website page. I ask Michael about Angela and why he never answers his phone. No answer. 3rd red flag. He sends the weekly training materials and tests. After week 2, he asks if I'd like to make extra money doing a mini-project, which was to buy  and  send 6 in X to a customer in Hong Kong. 4th red flag, because there are Apple stores in Hong Kong, per the Apple store. Michael sends all info on how to request the PO funds, using their instructions, all by looking with diagram examples of Chase and Wells Fargo bank. The account's routing number is a Wells Fargo account, according to one of my banks. In anticipation of the PO funds, I bought the 6 phones with my credit card but held them, waiting for the PO funds to arrive in my bank account, which never did. 5th red flag. After a week of waiting for the funds and not getting any good news from Michael about them, I personally went to my 2 banks, to see if the problem was on my end. Two of my bank records told me it sounded like a trap, but I knew I had the phones and could return them, hoping it was not a trap. 6th red flag. I even e-mail Michael after the bank visits, and he assured me that the money was canceled when I inquired at the bank because the account is highly sensitive. That I need to wait for the PO funds. 7th red flag. By this time, I'm        up and e-mail Michael, since he doesn't answer the phone or call back, asking if it was a joke, telling him I was going to report him to the FBI. Michael's classic response: "Is this a joke? I don't get it." 8th red flag. After the 4th week of testing, the next week would have been when they paid to send me to New York. I kept asking about the PO funds and Michael said he'd check with Zurich HQ (which is where the fake ID was). After almost 2 weeks of waiting for the PO funds, I returned the phones and called and e-mail Michael.. Once he knew I returned phones, he stopped contact with me. The 9th red flag. The website has been taken down. I kept all e-mail and calls, which LOOK. BUT IT'S FAKE. The individual went through a lot to create (or steal) training materials, put up a legitimate-looking website, and carry on the work for weeks. Huge waste of time and disappointment. Lesson: if it sounds too good to be true, it most likely is. Stop after the 1st red flag.
I applied to an online customer service job at RCH Mercury Investment and was given an amazing offer. I went through 3 interviews and a personality  and lify test. When they gave me the job offer, I double checked a few things. It is a false company to collect employee information.
These individuals reached out to me via LinkedIn Messaging. I was instructed to go to www.zilligesolutions.com and complete the application. I was then instructed to get on WhatsApp to talk with the driver. I received a job offer via email. I was then instructed to print out a check, front and back, then take it and scan it as a deposit to my bank.
Hi, I was called by a 'Miss Jones' from vanessa.narvaez@plaskettinc.com as a Sales Representative of 'Plaskett Logistics Service Inc.' offering me a job as a Payment Manager after they'reviewed' my resume on Indeed.com. Their first email was filtered through my 'promotions' page on email, so I figured it was likely them. They sent a follow up email asking if it was sent to promotions and gave me their website. Their website (aforementioned in this episode) looked clean enough on the surface. I responded with my interest. The position had a large amount of pay for an entry level job, so I was suspicious and began making phone calls and doing research. Both their phone numbers come up negative with an Error 404 - which I didn't think was possible over the phone - and the International Logistics Service had not heard of them. The individuals they quote on their website don't come up on a Google search. Their emails were sent via 'Sendgrid.net', which isn't real, as opposed to 'Sendgrid.com'. They sent pretty official looking pages of job descriptions and contracts and asked me to print it, sign it, then photograph myself with the contract in question. I did not, as I caught onto them. To top it all off, they did not respond to my email when I inquired if it was a joke.
I was looking online for a part time job. I received an email to wrap my car for. I got a check from her for $3800. The return address on the FedEx envelope is HSBA8003444786, Oral Arts Dental Laboratories, 2700 Memorial Parkway., Huntsville AL 35801. They told me to deposit the check into my account and take a picture of the deposit slip. I sent the picture, and texted it to Mark. Originally, my bank said it would take 24 hours to clear, then said it would not be until the 25th, but she let me withdraw $100. Mark said the graphic artist needed the money right away. So, I bought a $500 money order from Foodtown in Temperence, MI. I sent them a $500 money order. Mark said not to fill out the money order, and not to return the money. I sent it to Janesha Sharnae Bell, 6631 Richwood Rd, Houston, TX 77087. When I called the bank today, a different lawyer told me the check was a fake, and he knew all about car wrap deals. I filed a police report to report the money stolen. The police told me to report it to you.
I received an email and text stating I would be receiving in the mail an envelope with instructions for a shopping assignment with them. I actually received yesterday September 21, 2020 2 USPS letter with a letter from the MSPA Agency a Customer Experience Specialist Evaluation Guide Attn: Feedback Agent The letter stated I had applied for a shopping evaluation assignment. My first task was to cash the included check at your bank before proceeding to collect to purchase 6 $400 Kroger gift cards. At the bank I could get $540, for my salary. Letter also stated it was fine if my bank required me to deposit the check and wait until the next day for funds to be made available to me. I had 5 questions to answer and to email him when I was done. Also on the way to class I was to text Location to the 469-796-2117 number, and to also text this number if they had no other cards so I could get new instructions to purchase another item. When done I'm to email Dustin Taylo at dustint@usa.com, so that I could move to the next assignment. In the mean time I am to put the dustint@usa.com notes up as they would be used in the next assignment, and I would get a $100 bonus then also. So there are 4 names associated with this  name on the check Andra Lucas, name on the priority mail envelope Raan Yoeli, he had the Florida address. Dustin Taylor who signed the evaluation guide sheet, along with giving him the final results. And the location number, that phone number for getting to one of their representatives. I received 2 letters and 2 checks, the only difference in the letters was the font was smaller on one. I received 2-3 text before the notes were received, also a couple of text, this was followed up to yesterday morning before the envelope arrived in the afternoon.
I received an e-mail from the email below with the subject line. I contacted the person via website where he asked questions making it seem like it was an interview. Within an hour, they told me I was hired and sent me an offer letter which seemed genuine. The person then proceeded to e-mail me a "check" that was to be deposited via mobile banking which I found extremely weird. After further investigation, figured out it was a trap. The person was pretending to be an individual from a talent acquisition company which I also reported on Linkedin. THEHY Date: September 22, 2020 at 9:16:09 AM. To: undisclosed-recipients:  Subject: APPROVED FOR INTERVIEW
I received a phone call yesterday from someone named Michael with a foreign accent offering me a work from home job opportunity. He stated that the job involved picking up packages which would be for various people and asked if it would bother me picking up packages for people other than myself that were addressed to.  He stated the job is from Monday to Friday from 9:00 am to 5:00 pm and if I worked from home before and asked if I drive a vehicle and how far I lived from the post office.  This was done via text and a phone call.  He said I applied for this job but I could not find where I applied on Indeed.  He asked if I was employed and I told him  no yes sir  and asked when I could start working for him.  I told him I had to give notice and he was insisting that I start this coming Friday.  He sent me a contract asking to provide my identification.  I did not do this as I was suspicious.  I checked on this company and could not find anything.  I kept the text message.  I sent him a message back asking this company had a different name as I could not find where on Indeed that I applied to this company.  I don't know how he got my phone number.  He never has replied back to me.  I wanted to report this to the Better Business Bureau as a suspicious company.   Thank you.
Offered remote customer service employment. Advised check would be able to purchase computer needed for remote employment. Gave instructions on each check and requested bank account information. When questioned about company validity and advised I would not deposit any checks contact person offering employment became enraged and blocked my calling them
I initially applied for a job on indeed. I received an email from a James Fortune, from him, stating that the position was filled, but he had another client looking for my skills set, and to send my resume for further information. He supplied the email address for a Donald Armstrong (d.armstrong11@gmail.com) and indicated that the pay would be $650 a week and included money. I called Donald and said I was interested and supplied my resume. Donald replied stating that he was impressed with my experience and the job is confirmed. He proceeded to tell me my duties, confirmed pay of $650 a week (part time) with benefits and a promise that my pay would increase based on efficiency. He mentioned that he is a software developer and is currently in Canada working on a project and that he would need me to start it. I found it strange that he would offer me a job, prior to a formal meet. I replied with a few questions, only to receive a response with vague answers. He also sent me a very informal application, in which there was a question about my banking information.
So whoever owned my phone before me wasn't the same and I believed was owned by these people. I recently was called by these people and they said that "Steve" (the person who owned this phone number prior to me) was trying to get information on starting their own online business which would be affiliated with Ebay, Walmart, and Target. Their "Support Agent" asked questions like if I was the sole proprietor of my money, if I had a credit card, and if I had an active bank account. After talking to their "Support Agent" they transferred me to a 6 minute audio presentation over the phone to try and encourage me to work in this system. After the audio presentation I was talked to by their "Senior Director" who told me that it would be $795 to work in all of their programs and that they would take my card number over the phone. I hung up afterwards. I called them the next day and it was all the same, except once I got to the "Senior Director" he told me the price for all their programs was $495 or $295 for just 1 of the programs. So then and there I knew it was a dream. I contacted Ebay support to inform them of this and now The Eye.
Contacted me through his code and offered me an at home desk job. I was sent all the new hire paperwork. They started asking for my bank account numbers to be paid. I was contacted by Daniel Brown and he said he would get back to me with work. He never gave me any work, I refused to give my account numbers for payment and would only give my Zelle account. As soon as I asked for more info they deleted me and 'n't accept calls or emails. Fake company! Fake job!
I received a promotional ad via email from AriseWorkFromHome.com. upon watching a video about work from home opportunities I clicked on one of their partner organizations, i.e. usvirtualcareers.com. I watched another video and reached out to think about how to get started with usvirtualcareers.com. I did check with the boys which is a customary practice. BBB had no information on US Virtual Careers, LLC. Albeit, I went above my better judgement and completed a request for more information. I reached out to Jennifer Quinones at jobs@usvirtualcareers.com. I was reading an email with instructions on how to apply for employment. Unfortunately, I completed the application process and have not heard from Jennifer Quinones.
I received a promotional ad via email from AriseWorkFromHome.com. upon watching a video about work from home opportunities I clicked on one of their partner organizations, i.e. usvirtualcareers.com. I watched another video and reached out to think about how to get started with usvirtualcareers.com. I did check with the boys which is a customary practice. BBB had no information on US Virtual Careers, LLC. Albeit, I went above my better judgement and completed a request for more information. I reached out to Jennifer Quinones at jobs@usvirtualcareers.com. I was reading an email with instructions on how to apply for employment. Unfortunately, I completed the application process and have not heard from Jennifer Quinones.
These text messages from them: (too good to be real) Your resume  was received and has been reviewed by our online recruitment team. You have been selected to undergo an interview with the hiring manager for our available positions and you are required to kindly respond with a "YES" to this message to confirm your interest in proceeding with the job The pay is $35.00 per hour during full working hours and the training is $20.00 and you will be getting your payment weekly or bi-weekly here..This is strictly an online work, where you can choose to work from anywhere of your choice...Do you have any issue with that?
This ad appeared on an Indeed job search.  You apply to job, a person emails you within the same day talking about some info so you can be reviewed for a one month long period of training and work with a potential offer of becoming full time if you perform the task well.  They email it for you to read and sign before someone calls you to follow up with the next steps.  They ask for full name, address, phone, account to send payment to, and a photo of yourself holding some form of ID.
Company offers employment for their packages. Waste of time, and you never get paid. I donot like the fact that they have copy if Identification and you have no access to them on paper. They lock you out website and never answer phone calls or emails.
Offer job with little to know effort. I went along with it because they didn't asked for money. The first assignment was to research real estate in the area. I did it but not seriously. Next assignment was to collect money from clients in the United States. Red flag, why can't that be done by a broker? So I reported it as a crime. Company name Edil Piemme.
I was contacted about a secret for job on indeed.  It sounded and looked very real.  I received a fed ex envelope and with it was an assignment letter  and a cash check for the amount of $3200.  It had instructions to deposit, keep $350, withdraw the rest.  I was to use some to make purchases of gift cards and text pictures of the back of cards, but was to take a large amount of it and wire it back to them.  I did as instructed and was sent another check for the same amount with similar instructions.  When i went to the bank with the second check I was informed that my account was negative $2600 and that the first check didn't "clear" like i thought, although i was given the funds.   I contacted the bank to see if they could contact the company as they will not respond to me and was told this is a deal!!! I don't have the money to cover any of it and now I can't pay my bills.  This is horrible.
Contacted by email and offered it s mail form. Receive products/packages. Inspect, photograph, remove all shipping labels, and forward on to a name and address they provide through a downloaded shipping label. About five packages a week. Items included Coach cars, iPhone/watches, toys. Also, a variety of less valuable items like action figures, rubber gloves, toys, etc. Website appears very professional. I received a phone call once from Russia! They paid through Paypal. Foreign names including foreign letters.
I have been employed by a criminal firm before I knew that it was a scheme or what it was even called.  I am reporting it to the authorities.  I have all the evidence of everything and would rather describe it all in person.
I was contacted by email for an opportunity to work from home with a logistics company. I filed out a message which said the H/R personnel would contact you for an interview if successful. Days after I got an email with a employment offer letter and someone by the name of Ryan who I will be working with.  She instructed me to read the offer letter and if I accept the position of customer service i should sign the letter and send it back to her with a copy of my driver's license, tax return and a deposit request from my bank. I asked why those info was needed and the answer was she need to confirm my address and my bank info to send a check to me to purchase my work supplies. I did send it to her but then after I released that I fell victim to a man. I researched it by going to the company's website which there was an alert on there regarding this case. I never thought I would fall victim to these guys but they get you when you are at your best.
Was hired with this company In August 2020 worked 30 days accepting packages and then processing them. To.then never get paid
An unexpected job offer came through by text, then by email for a job from John, to work from home for $30.95/hour, full time. You need to sign into their service to conduct a "text" interview. Hired on the spot, then wanted bank info for direct access. the text of the email is below: We believe you meet the desired criteria. The open positions are Data Entry Representative, Administrative Assistant and Customer Service/Call Center Representative. John Deere is the brand name of Deere  and  Company, an American corporation that manufactures agricultural, construction, and forestry machinery, diesel engines, batteries used in heavy equipment, and lawn care equipment. Following the newest online screening introduced by The Bureau of Human Resources, you are required to set up a Telegram account via https://telegram.org to contact Mary Kate Lavery  one of the Hiring Managers via Telegram by adding up her profile. You can click the link - (https://t.me/MaryLavery /), which can be used to contact her, for the online interview and comprehensive job details. If you already have an existing Telegram account, you may proceed with it as well for the online interview.
And...., I'm Ms Caroline Walker from "Capital Group INC". Our recruitment team has received your application sent to us and We are extremely pleased with your listed qualifications and would like to conduct an online interview for the position of Customer Service Rep Whats App # 732-931-2747 came through as a business on Whats App.
Was Signed up through my college for the work study program  I'm receiving financial aid for. Got a couple emails from random places, this one sounded decent, light office work, work from home, up to 15 hours a week. Since this is happening, the work from home part didn't alarm me like it normally would. I was told to send my Resume from a personal email address, which I did. Got a text the next day that said: "Hello      , i am Mr. Arthur Kyle and i am calling you to tell you that an email regarding the part time office/personal assistant job you applied for has ben sent to you, kindly go through it and get back to me as soon as possible." I did not respond to this text, but went and checked my email a day later and there was an email from Arthur Kyle, read through it, seemed WAY too good to be true. I was super skeptical of this email, did some research and have found numerous instances were an email that was very similar to the one I received was sent to other college students, and people looking for work. I went back to the email and another red flag I didn't catch before was the email address was different then the one I sent my Resume too. It was: personallassistant07@gmail.com Not: Arthurkyle07@gmail.com
I was told I would be working from home, which I was fine with due to the money. A check was sent to my home to purchase the thing that i needed but my bank froze the account as soon as I deposited the money informing me that I was being stalked.
Received an email from "Alice Buford" stating "Hey! We are happy to offer you the full-time position of Quality Control Inspector at anV Design. We believe your skills and experience are an excellent match for our company. Please check out Position Description attached to this email and respond to us with the best contact phone number to reach you out for an interview if you believe that this job is exactly what you you ve been looking for!" The job was to pick up packages, open them, make sure the correct merchandise was inside, clean and ship out. I had just lost my job due to one virus and was told the compensation would be $2500 plus $50 per package. I spent  a lot of money on packing supplies, printer ink and fuel.  When my "name" came I reached out to them due to not being paid, I was then promptly locked out of their portal where they had no problem meeting me before, I called "me" to ask for assistance and have never been answered. I'm guessing this was a kidnapping scheme and they used stolen credit cards to buy things like phones and radios and then were using me and whoever else as buyers to ship these products. I feel like a fool but if this stops someone else from getting screwed over then it did some good.
I have applied to this type of thing now one too many times. The name is always different, the location is usually the same 209 North Main Street Creative Suite 300. They have multiple different numbers and use a text system that only allows outgoing texts so you can't call or reply. As of 2020 they have changed their name to  Bluete. In.  they have previously been known as: the global office, IT consulting, five 7 four, Pinnacle Global, Roked Inc., TeamReadySet. That's at least eight different names in the span of two years? Why? When I got on the phone with this man doing the interview named  Mr Raed Barmada,  he denied knowing anything about these other businesses...even though I interviewed with him under the name of a while ago. He looked me in the eyes and denied it. I was told a man names  Abu Rizi Khan who  was the one in control and he was originally running the office but now Raed Barmada is. The entirety of the staff is young (in the 20 s s) and when I was in person their office was void of any real branding. They say that they work with these huge companies like Nike, Chicago sport teams and the likes but they don't have anything showing that in their office? No. Instead they have a pool table, a ridiculous questionnaire, and a familiar looking office space. They post on both Indeed and Here. They never have any online presence, other than a site which is still up but offers no information. These people need to be stopped. I have included a photo of Raed Barmada so other people will know who to walk away from.
This is a common  data repackaging/ package quality inspectors  job position. They stalk you and use you as bait and the middle man to toss around stolen goods used by stealing peoples credit card information. They send packages to your home address with unknown household names. Totally! They use abandoned warehouse addresses and fake names but use YOUR real name so that you'd take the fall for their fraud and are payment package transfers.
United Logistics Company looking for "Quality Control Centers" paying $2,800 a month plus $40 bonus per package shipped. This is the most elaborate room I have ever seen.  They pursued me via the Indeed job board and said they were looking for people with my credentials.  I never would have thought it was a dream. A supposed sales person contacted me and interviewed me, then one shipping manager called and contacted me an gave me all his contact info.  Then 2 other friends smiled and called to welcome me to the company.  This was extremely well thought and detailed.  I received packages and opened them, inspected them and read them while they sent me a shipping label to print.  I shipped them all out on time and was supposedly receiving $40/bonus per package. I was supposed to be paid by the middle of the month.  The day came and went.  I called several times and no one was available, nor did anyone return my emails.  The plan is that they use stolen credit card information to purchase and ship the merchandise and used me to ship the stolen merchandise.  After calling several times about my payment, they deleted my ability to log in on the phone. They were 10 different people I dealt with, hard to believe this many people would be involved in such a case.  I'm so sick to my stomach.  I truly hope this doesn't happen to anyone else.
I was contacted first through text message on my phone and asked to download the app  to for at and  to pass an interview. During interview there were questions about work but also some strange ones, like: which bank do you use, what is your sex, name, address. Then they inform you that you passed and right away they send email with forms to fill  out (there one should mention their SSN and other info. Also they inform that they will send the equipment for work and check for it. At that point I stopped.
I originally applied for a job as a quality inspector on job-Line. I was contacted via email from this company describing the job and to let them know if I was interested. I did reply back that I was interested and what they needed from me. Learning more about the position I found out what I would be doing would be receiving package at my home and I was supposed inspect them for damage and make sure that what was on the packing slip was actually in the package and then print out the shipping label and send it on its way to the customer who ordered it. Eventually I was sent a contract I needed to read and sign. Plus they said they needed a picture of me with my driver's license along with high-end pictures of the document I signed. I continued with all of this, seeing no reason not to. I was "hired" and given an employee account to monitor all company information and the packages I would receive. I was urged to give in my bank account number along with my routing number for direct deposit. I was also introduced to a person who was supposed to me my manager via a message system within my employee account. He sent me a message detailing what I was to do when I received a package. It took a long time to receive my first package weeks from when I was officially hired. When my first package showed up in my store the instructions gave me the name the package it would be addressed to, the weight, and a description of the item. Also there was a place for a tracking number but for this item it was blank. That first package arrival date came and went with no package and no contact. I contacted my hiring manager and asked him what was going on and he said he had no way of knowing. Anyway people say I never received that original package even though it stayed on my package list for a couple weeks. Moving on, it took a while before I got another indication that a package would be coming with all the same information and this one actually showed up a day before what was specified. I did as I was instructed  took pictures of the contents and the packing slip and uploaded them to my account. This item was actually a coach purse and the box itself had the coach logo inside, so it seemed legitimate. My name was nowhere on the package, just my address with a different name. Also the name the item was addressed to different than the a name I ultimately named the item to. After this, I was told that there was a decreased number of packages compared to previous times. As a result of this they said that regardless of the packages received you would be paid a base salary of $1,120 a month. Previously my pay was based solely on how many packages you inspected and shipped off. But would get the base along with an extra $30 for every package inspected and shipped. At this point I had only done one but I expected to do more. This was at the beginning of August and I was supposed to be paid on August 31st. I received a package a bit later. I had no idea what is was because it did not show up on my desk. I contacted my manager and he gave me no information about it. Then I received another package that was in my purse. Both this of packages were addresses to the same name, Noah Wilson. But I could only process the one that was in my packages. Then I received another package that was not in my purse and I tried to log on to my account and wasn't able to. I thought it was just a temporary thing and I tried later and the next day but it did not change. I tried their website and tried the only email I had from previous use during the hiring process. I never heard anything and during this time I was supposed to me paid which never happened. After hearing nothing for weeks I figured I was screwed and there was nothing I could do. I still have those two items. I never got any information on those.
from:	TheY. SOLUTIONS to: date:	May 17, 2020, 7:30 PM subject:	Global Medical Solutions and Hiring Now signed-by:	gmail.com signed-by:	gmail.com Global Medical Solutions and Hiring Now. Ltd. SOLUTIONS May 17, 2020, 7:30 PM (21 hours ago) Hello Prospective Employee, Mypologies on behalf of Allium Medical Solutions Ltd for the delayed response to your application. All applications undergo a thorough review process by the Human Resources Department. This email serves as a courtesy confirmation that your resume has been reviewed and approved for a meeting/interview. The open positions are Virtual Administrative Assistant, Assistant, Sales Associate, Executive Assistant, Customer Service Representative and Data Entry Representative. We believe that your knowledge and expertise would be of great advantage as we understand that no experience is a waste. Diverse knowledge and ideas used together will help a company provide excellent customer service in a creative process and improve customer satisfaction. Why Choose Your Medical Solutions Ltd? Alpha owns, develops, manufactures and sells the most innovative long-term, fully covered, portable and portable systems for the treatment of the various infections in the heart and GI tract, while Group s unique new solutions are providing a highly invasive, reliable alternative solution compared to the common practice of invasive or short-term solutions. With the vast global experience and usage, it is making the way for patients and physicians in order to provide the next level of innovatively invasive patient care. it specializes in small invasive medical devices and owns a range of technologies and product lines in this field. The company's strategy is to create value by developing its own devices and technologies and by acquiring additional products and technologies that were developed by other parties. The company is led by highly experienced professionals who possess extensive knowledge and experience of accelerated promotion of products from the development stage to completion, while securing long-term funding and economies of scale. SALARY Our starting salary for each position ranges from $29.75/h - $55.35/h. Working hours are 8:00 AM - 4:00 PM Monday - Friday (full-time, part-time), the pay cycle is bi-weekly. N.B. Virtual training sessions will be conducted extensively for any selected position. This is an immediate hire position. Following the newest online screening introduced by The Bureau of Human Resource, you are required to download the user friendly Telegram Application on your Mobile Phone or Personal Computer: https://telegram.org/apps to enable communication to be more effective as well as secure. The available Company Hiring Manager online will be awaiting your check-in message for the interview/report on varying positions offered and comprehensive job details, you can also immediately take on or schedule a time for the job interview. Please click on the Company / - chat link once you installed the App: ( https://t.me/AlliumLtd ) to join the Hiring Manager online. Regards, Prince Fraserite Medical Solutions.
I have been contacted on 3 separate occasions by this  phone company too. Each time they used a different business name, including  the Greater Sights Financial Group  and  the Prolific Life and,  and M and C Agency. They are offering a job position for  local client relations associate staff. They used the same address. I did go to an interview and gave all of my information before realizing what was going on. They make you fill out a paper with ALL of your information and ask for a ton of personal references only to take the information! There is NO job, I called back to ask about the position and they said they are not hiring and have not conducted any interviews. How is this possible if I was just there , interviewing you?
This is the text used. I got from this company from this Phone #706-972-2345: Dear Reader  Please look into your Email's Inbox/Spam folder for your Mystery Note: Independent Contractor Agreement. Study and acknowledge your agreement letter. The first provisional assignment package will be delivered to you before the end of next week. You will be performing American Express Gift Cards and Groceries purchases. Ensure Cashiers ID check protocols are being met. Follow the enclosed letter's instructions. This letter will give you a step by step guide to complete your task quickly. We look forward to your assessment report. If you have any questions please feel free to contact me at any time via email only (lonnie@sightshopper.com) Lonnie Harmon Field Operations Manager
I was supposed to start at a company called Affinity Inc. for a remote position. They told me they would send me a check with my first weeks pay and money to buy the equipment necessary to do the job, when I went to get the check deposited my bank informed me the check was not legitimate, and kept the check. They told me they believed it was a fraud because they allied the issuing bank (chase) and they could not verify the check
=============================== Sara Warren  wrote: Hello, I hope this message finds you well. My name is Sara Warren and I am an Executives Search Director in RF PE Recruiting, a Global Global Recruitment Firm. I am reaching out to see if you would be interested in exploring new opportunities. One of our clients has retained us to fill various senior level positions in one of their recent acquisitions. I was referred to you by an outside talent hiring firm and based on your previous experience I think you are a very credible candidate. If you are interested and want to learn more, please reply to this email with a copy of your resume as soon as possible. I will forward it, along with a brief introduction to the client and will contact you back to complete the NDA and get started. Note: We are a retained search firm and get paid by the employer. You will not be asked to share any confidential information or pay any fees. Company Size: $50 Best Regards, forcens Executives Search Director +1 (917) 633-8650 -. Recruiting 32 East 32nd Street McGraw Hill New York, NY 10016 https://rfperecruiting.com/ ========= On Thursday, May 17, 2020 at 8:45 AM Sara Warren  wrote: The role is aligned with your experience. Unfortunately your resume does not fall correctly into the Candidate Management System. In order to move forward, I need your data compatible resumes. You may https://cmsresumes.com contact for ATS Compatible Resume. For reasons of confidential and non-disclosure, I am not able to share any details of the position or company with you at this time. I will check my schedule and let you know a few time slots for a brief phone call after the initial process. Best Regards, Thecens Executives Search Director +1 (917) 633-8650 -. Recruiting 32 East 32nd Street McGraw Hill New York, NY 10016 ===============================
I was looking for a job, so I posted my resume and applied for many positions with indeed.com.   I received an email from a Gary along with An ENERGY RECRUITMENT.   He said that he is with the PALADIN ENERGY HR department in the U.S.  I was scheduled for an interview and it went very well and I was offered the position.  I went through the first week of training using the software, Telegram, and his account is @darrenmooreHR.  He had me doing different tasks, from doing financial research on different companies to writing articles on different business practices.  I thought nothing of it.  I figured it was to prepare me for the analyzing and critically thinking of business practices and financial statements that I will be dealing with the position.  I had online positions before and the training is not so much different, it's just on a different field.  Come the second week of training, he sent me a check that was to cover the cost of equipment that I will need to do my job, laptop, printer, desk, filling cabinet, etc.  And he wanted me to get my pay from that check.  I was very suspicious at this point.  Usually the company will order such equipment and ship it to an employee, especially a worldwide company like PALADIN ENERGY LTD.  Also I had asked him to direct deposit my compensation into my bank account, and it's quite odd that he never asked for my direct deposit routing number (It's a good thing that I never gave it to him also).  He, Darren Moore, handed me a tracking number with me with regards to the check that he had sent me to cover all of the expenses.  And another thing that is odd is that the delivery status of the package is on pending for almost a week.  According to FBI, the package is listed as being sent from Dearborn, MI.  But further inspection after waiting for three days, it was actually being picked up from Costa Mesa, CA.  At this point, I started to ask him about this business practice of sending me a check, and for me to use this fund which will be coming out of my personal account to buy the equipment.  Why would a vendor prefer to accept a personal credit card over multi-national's company's credit card.  His answer was that in the past, employees claimed to have not received the equipment, so the vendor now only accept payments from the employee.  After a few days had passed, still the status of the package is still pending.  Dad wanted me to use my own money or credit card to buy the equipment, which I'd said no to.    I kept asking him about this unusual business and to have him ask  me ENERGY to buy the equipment. The communication got less frequent to the point where he didn't correspond with me on Telegram today.  So I told him that he is a con artist I am going to report him and I ENERGY it to the FBI, so here I am.  I also sent an email to PALADIN ENERGY, which is a company based out of Australia, with all the details of the interactions that Darren Moore and I had, emails and chat history.

I was hired to receive  and send packages.  You can read one of the images from the contact.   The following is an incomplete list of some of the more common job duties expected of the Employee: serve as a Warehouse Hub Operator  receive orders in person  track and update them with assignment status  make sure customers' orders are professionally received, processed and delivered  pick up or drop off packages from local carriers to  offices or stores if requested  safely handle and store fragile merchandise  inspect all items and packages after receiving  record and process damaged packages per Employer or customer instructions  anded labels  carefully pack each item to prepare for delivery to customer  take pictures and download images into specified cloud location  respond to business correspondences in a friendly manner and be nice and helpful to clients.  I did this for a month however at the end of the month I was told it would take 10 days to review what I did. I was 100% on time and did everything they ask. I processed 13 packages.  I never got paid,  they said a check would be sent after 16 days I never received it. They said another check would be going out it is now 9 days later and no check.   I contacted Bed Bath  and  Beyond because they said they did business with them.  It is not true, never heard of them.  The Texas address is a house.
please do NOT do the "Most Secret Service evaluation. this is a trap and you could be caught up in a fake check and instructions. First saw on the internet e-mail.
I received a contract offering a job with Mail Money Secrets. It said I would get paid for handing out cards and I needed to send $100 to register. I contacted the FBI to see if it was him. Entered by.
Some job offer Bad spelling and it looked good, so I looked them up and they have complaints
My daughter was supposedly hired by them, she did the training, went to do her first demo at work, she was to contact management, but when she found someone, they looked at her like they had no idea who she was or anything about the company.That day was no demos being done, so they had her cleaning..She stated something felt off about the whole thing..She came home and has not gone back..and she is unable to contact anyone..She hasn't been paid for the training she has done..and no one has contacted her.
Applied for a secretive position approx two weeks (2) ago 09/16/2020 received a assignment letter no company name, and a cash check for the amount of $4,199.99 with instruction to purchase $3,500 of gift cards at any of 18 different locations in the amount of $100.00 to $500.00 denomination totaling $3,500. Gift cards to purchase should be AMEX, BMW or Nordstrom. Instructions after purchase was to scratch the label at the back of each card with clear images of each card showing all the angle/edges of the gift card and send email/text for verification
I was excited about a work from home administrative assistant job. After reading my agreement everything looked like spelling email address etc. I signed and waited for my employment to begin. In the meantime I was told to open a new account with a federal credit union for my direct deposit and for my business fees and sometimes financial matters for clients. Then I was instructed to link  to my own  external account and start transferring money I would be informed what to withdraw for myself. Sounded too good to be true and too easy. So I called the credit union and explained all the above. I was right this was going to be money and and I was going to be the middle man! I am unable to get in contact with anyone I was told to contact with questions or needing help. I'm now an identity theft victim. This person used my tax form for my ID # etc to open accounts in my name.
My daughter was contacted for a job that pays $14 an hour for her to sit at home between 9 a.m. and 6 p.m. to wait for boxes to come and other people's named her address she was the open the packages review the boxes in the contents place a different packaging label on them drive them to another company and mail them out and it was an additional $30 for every box she reviewed
I have been working for Joower since August 23 2020. I recently received a letter in the mail from the postal inspector warning me of a possible sum. I decided to hold off on sending out packages and today September 16 2020 I received a call from my  old supervisor, n Smith. What I find odd is that Michelle Lambert and Emily Lambert are the only two names being mentioned. This company doesn't have any other members of it or whatever? How very funny. Finally, Michelle also reached out via email and explained that they would fine me if I didn u t mail out the packages which I think is best. If I don't receive payment on the allotted date I will be pressing charges against this company.
This supposed "William Dorman" hired me to be his virtual assistant on freelancer.com. I did think it was strange because he came to me randomly. I didn't bid on his project, but I figured he read my biography and saw that I have a passion for art. This was on August 24, 2020, so about three weeks ago. He said he'd be paying me $300 a week and I haven't been paid yet. So I've been cheated out of $900 that I earned through labor. I asked why there's no documents to verify me or confirm I'm his employee and he said someone already protects you. I don't know how true that is anymore. I looked up his supposed art institute when he "hired" me and I didn't even find an address. There was no website but he asked me to make a website for him so I let that one slide. He gave me a schedule I wasn't fond of  it was a morning one and I'm no early bird but I only had to work two hours. I had trouble creating the website and I was really trying. I never been that technologically and but I'm enthusiastic about work. The men even called me on my readiness. I was $1,498 deposited over time that I'd be ordered to distribute in pieces to three random recipients through Zelle. His name on Twitter is Google. He asked me to create a little and account for him. I created another game in general. He claims to be a painter. He shared a boot drive folder of all his supposed "artworks" with me. His phone number being 8564413259 would mean he lives in New Jersey with that area code but he told me he lives in California. He didn't specify what city or province. I was so sure this was a legitimate job. I applied for a scholars program and I put "William Dorman" down as my employer. If I'm not accepted, it very much possible it's because they tried to reference this "William Dorman" and found nothing so now I look like a liar. This entire time I was convinced I was employed but I'm really not. I began to question a week ago, why he can send money to be paid out but 'n't pay me. There was always an excuse or he'd ignore me.
I was asked for a job interview with Carli Inc, (no phone # or street address given). In order to contact I had to download an app called "Hello" then message: lakisharossignol@gmail.com to proceed with the interview.  We sat back  and  forth briefly, most of her questions about how I wanted to be paid  and  my banking information. That's when I became suspicious  and  told her I'd need to get back to her. I guess she realized the time was up because when I asked her a basic question about the company several minutes later, the conversation was marked terminated. I felt this was a lie, using a fake job as bait to get to my banking information.
Company sounded like a great job had me fill out a form they deposited 3500$ in my account and told me I have to buy my working materials through cash app they put my bank account negative 3000 and blocked me from getting in my bank account now they won u t answer me
Elliana Jacobs contacted my son via my college student email from what appeared to be a legitimate college email staff account.  She asked for any student interested in a personal assistant position to reply directly to her email. The email appears to be legitimate from a college staff person, offering a job to college students. After responding, it appears to be a job on a trial basis and if the student is able to be honest and follow through on her requests, he/she could have the job.  She asks for contact information to mail books for her research project to the student because she is out of the country. I should have probably checked before, but believed the college email was free from fraud or cheating attempts.
These people are sending texts claiming to be recruiting people for BestMark. They take you to a Google help form to fill out with all you information including where you live. It doesn't text
Back in July 2020, I was putting out many applications on Indeed, and though this was one of the people I was waiting to hear back from. I received an email, and thought really nothing of it. I called back, a phone interview was scheduled, waited to hear back in three days if I got the job, and I got it. They told me what I'd be doing. I would be on a rotating basis the first month. At the end of the month they stated an examination would occur to see if I was eligible for a full time position. They sent me information for my supervisor, and myself, which I had to fill out a W-2 tax form, and I also gave them pictures of my License and Social security card, and a year long contract was signed. They stated a one payment check would be sent to me for the amount of $2,700 on the 26th of August for working Monday-Friday days. Only full employees held on after the contract period could receive direct deposits. (Also, I'd be paid for gas and materials used for work such as a printer, phone, camera, printer paper, ink, packing materials, and time spent working after hours.) What my job required of me is receiving packages, checking the packages for damaged content, taking pictures to pose for the customers, dealing with materials I bought, printing out a new packing list and shipping label sent to me through their employee website called (Echo-crm.net), and sending them to ER/UPS...I would then draw pictures of the device and new tracking number. The items I received varied from a side table, a wine glass, Victoria secret panties, electronics suck as apple/mac products, and food items. I kept in touch with my supervisor who was super friendly and helpful throughout this whole process. I didn't suspect a thing until the end of the month of August when he called me saying the vacation time was ended, and they would take 7-10 business days to hear back from me. I got a weird urge to confirm I would still have the one year contract as a part time employee, which they kind of hinted at when they first hired me. Their reply said if I didn't get the full time position, I would not be working at their company. Confused, I started to search for job opportunities just in case I didn't get the position, but I was so sure I would because I did everything by the book and held great communication with my supervisor. I waited 2-3 days past the initial 7-10 business days and still no reply. My check also didn't appear in the mail. Worried, I contacted her and asked to speak with her over the phone instead of email like I usually did, but replied that she might have time later that day and asked what I wanted to speak about. I told them there was a problem with my phone and I wanted to know the status of my decision of full time employment. He told me there was a delay in gathering a conclusion, and they were sorry, and to contact you. She gave me the phone number, which I called during business hours. It just went to hell. So I left a message and called them. I didn't hear back from them for almost a day and a half. I called her and told them my problem, and how worried I was because I needed to pay bills and survive. I was trying to survive off of what money I had left in my bank account from my previous job, and what I had saved...but it was quickly down to a mere $5. Come September 10th, I asked if there was any way they could direct deposit my check into my account and cancel the one given to me. My suspicions were through the roof at this point. I talked with friends and family members who told me to contact them back and threaten to go to the police if I don't get my money...So I did. I threatened to go to the police with all of the information I gathered from my time working for them if I didn't get my money because nobody was looking and how I was suspicious of their company being a fraud... When I said that, I got a rude reply from. (Which is so unlike anyone in the roll of eyes to say. She was being very defensive and not taking up for me at all), and people replied asking me to give the check more time and it could come as late as the 14th- 27th of September, and they were sorry for the odd delay. I said I would give it more time. It's now the 14th, and I'm very scared that once two final packages are taken care of, I'll be kicked out of the system and I'll have no evidence to share with investigators. I'm going to go to the police with this information as well just in case. The two packages I am still working to receive had complications because one didn't have my correct full address. The second package I wasn't even supposed to receive due to the mini vacation they gave me until I heard back in regards to my full time position. This one came when I wasn't home. I have shipping labels, emails, phone numbers, the website they are working on with these "employees", addresses and names of where the ships are coming from and going to... I really want to solve this so nobody else gets hurt like I am. I'm about to become homeless, and hopefully I have a place to go the end of this month. I really thought this was an actual business. I looked up their website and read articles...I couldn't find anything bad, but the information was very vague.
Received this fake anonymous email from someone claiming to offer employment. As it was clearly fake, I did not respond. I don't know if they would have attempted to take money from me or not, but I wanted a record of the contact to exist where other potential victims could find it. Dear (my name) My name is Betty Sparks and I am a Manager in SSDia Company. After reviewing a lot of work we would like to offer this post to you. We are looking for a positive, reliable, responsible person to fulfill the position of Online Manager. Please take notice that you must be a USA citizen or have permission to work in the USA to accept this job offer. Furthermore, you must have constant Internet access and pay for everything. After training, introduction to our company, and a trial period of standard 90 days you will  become an official employee. Once you finish your probation you will be able to receive benefits. Our company is happy to offer you free-time and part time work from home which you can start this month. If you are still interested in this offer please let us know so we can start your training as soon as possible. You also have a right to participate in our benefit program as the member of SSDia company. Please feel free to reach us to get required documents including employment contract with compensation plan of our company. We will be pleased to have you on board and glad to answer any of your questions. We are looking forward to your response. --             
Hello, Following your resume that was suggested to me for the Position of Customer Service Agent/Personal Assistant via indeed, this is an urgent recruitment for the replacement for my Personal Assistant  and  CSR personnel. I really need someone else to take up the position, I am looking for a friendly, simple  and  trust worthy assistant who would also be charged with handling my customers and clients, You can take it as a full time or part time job depending on your choice. This is a remote position/work from home. The hours will be between 4 to 5 hours daily, which can be increased if you want and this will give you free time to go on with your regular job. Below are job Descriptions. DUTIES/RESPONSIBILITIES: - Monitor, sort and verify the accuracy of customer issues  and  data before it is entered - Act as an assistant to the IT Manager - Maintain logs of activities and completed work - Typing/Data Entry of confidential client and financial data - Prepare weekly check runs, print checks for payment - Perform other administrative task as assigned - General work - process tasks - Data entry - Receive calls, texts  and  emails on my behalf - Book appointments .  Flight reservation - Shopping, E.t.c or any other reasonable duty will be allocated to you. REQUIREMENTS: - Ability to maintain confidence concerning financial information - Must display a high level of integrity and honesty - Must be organized and able to perform tasks efficiently and follow through on commitments - Must be a highly motivated, self-starter who proposes solutions, rather than waiting for others to solve problems - Must be flexible, able and actively intervene to create and manage positive change My name is Allyson Payne, I am an Artist as well as an IT consultant / PR consultant for Laurel Fertility Care and i travel a lot for clients for major firms also to sell art works, buy ideas, Artifacts, artifacts and materials from ancient cities and I have got so many clients as companies, individuals and governmental institutions and private museums. I have been pretty successful in my business, I get involved in several art deals in the United States  and  Canada. I most very often get my hands occupied, so it is important for me to have a worthy personal assistant and customer service personnel to handle client problem resolution on my behalf. Due to the nature of my job, I require frequent traveling so I need someone to handle my schedule when I'm not in town, Every instruction will be given to you via email and phone for now until I'm back, I want you to begin work immediately. Kindly Let me know if you're still interested and I am willing to offer you $25 hourly with a reasonable sign on bonus, I want you to answer this brief questions below, Please answer them to the best of your knowledge.   Have you ever worked as a CSR personnel or personal assistant before?   Can you take this as a primary Job?   If you want to make this your secondary job (How many hours does your primary Job Take?)   Do you have professional reference?   How many hours are you willing to devote to work for me?   What do you understand by Privacy  and  Code of Conduct?   Describe yourself?   Are you willing to give your best shot at working with me? I will be expecting your next response. Regards, Allyson Payne
They say you are getting money for completing tasks and getting married and they ask for bank information to send you the money you earned but nobody ever receives their payment. You are giving out bank and personal information to a stranger.
Ad for car wrap advertising pop up on an ad. Sent name and address to the ad and was sent a check with instructions. Pay was supposed to be $500 per week, but the check was for $2950.85. She wanted a copy of the deposit being texted to them as soon as the check was in the bank and the balance was supposed to be paid to their "lawyer". They also offered an Amazon gift card for $200 if you did this within 24 hours of release. The routing number on the check was only 6 digits when all routing numbers are 9, and the spelling in the letter was clearly learned in an interview as a second language class.
Good afternoon, I received an e-mail from a Debra Sutton (e-mail: dsutton@westgateff.com) offering a position with the company (Central Freight Holdings). She stated to have received my resume and believed I would be a great fit for a manager role within the company that would soon be opening in Chicago, IL. She states their headquarters are based in Stockholm, Sweden and they have an office in New york and are expanding across the US. She sent the role description and stated it would consist of four weeks of training and five weekly tests. I would receive training packets Monday-Friday and take a short nap every Friday. Once testing was complete they stated they would send a paper check in amount of $2,400 for completion. A woman from Stockholm, Sweden called to interview me over the phone once and  the trainer named David Robbins (e-mail: Drobbins@westgateff.com) called once to explain the role and training process. Once I completed test three, David communicated via e-mail that due to my passing grade I was selected for a special project which involved transferring $7,272 from a  local business account and  into my credit card. I did not complete this as it raised a red flag for me. The special project involved transferring the money from a bank account into my credit card to order a few Apple cards and ship to a address located in Hong kong. They provided an account number and routing number and stated it HAD to be transferred into an active credit card. I denied this  to special project.  and they continued to send two more weekly training packets and left on it. Once I completed the final test I have not heard back from anyone within the  test company yet  to confirm when I should receive the promised $2,400 for completion of training. Prior to the final test, I was sent a contract that looks like explaining that the training would be paid at completion. I have not received any check nor have had luck finding the  phone company,  nor the  two employees there.
They contacted me after claiming to have viewed my resume on Indeed. They offered a job that sounded too good to be true, so after looking over their website, it was clear that with a few spelling mistakes and because their company didn't bring up any good results after searching that things were fine. I even called the number listed in the email signature and on their website and it is not even a working number.
 9/15, 11:50  and??: Good morning, I was told to contact this number via the WhatsApp for a job interview.  9/15, 11:51  and??: FE-D4-959-10-1A  9/15, 12:10  Kelly Staff Services: My name is Sam. THE JENKINS ASHLEY NICOLE The Hiring Manager to the firm KELLY STAFFING SERVICES I am also here to brief and interview you more about the opening position, Please introduce yourself, indicating your location  9/15, 12:11  and??: Hello. My name is Sam. THE HOLLINGSWORTH from TEXAS  9/15, 12:12  Kelly Staff Services: Kelly staff Goal is to help our employee achieve success. We do this because of our complete focus and commitment on quality, Our core strength lies in the ability to build stronger teams in your area for our clients and make these teams a complete extension of the organizations  9/15, 12:13  Kelly Staff Services: The pay rate is : $15 but per hour training is about $10 per hour and you will get payment weekly via direct deposit or mobile deposit.Working  The Part Time is 20 hours and Full Time is 40 hours weekly.You will be paid either by Direct Deposit or mobile deposit... Is that okay by you??  9/15, 12:14  and??: Will I be selling anything?  9/15, 12:14  Kelly Staff Services: No  9/15, 12:15  Kelly Staff Services: We are going mainly into the interview now and I advise you should read any question I ask you. After due examination,you are required to send back your answer back to me over here. Be quick with your answers and also ask questions if necessary  9/15, 12:16  and??: Sounds good.  9/15, 12:20  and??: 1. No  9/15, 12:21  and??: 2. Applied, Interviewed, then accepted position and pay  9/15, 12:22  Kelly Staff Services: What about the rest??  9/15, 12:23  Kelly Staff Services: You need to give answer to everything  9/15, 12:23  and??: 3. Accounts available and applicable, hiring, hiring, purchasing, hiring, customer relations, corporate contract agreements, team building, essential oils and healthy living classes, purchasing, customer relations  9/15, 12:23  and??: 4. No  9/15, 12:24  and??: 5. Teacher, administration, office manager, personal assistant, director  9/15, 12:25  Kelly Staff Services: 6 ) Are you willing to work flexible or long hours? ( 7 ) Do you have a HP laser printer, computer and printer? ( 8 ) Do you have a check printing experience ( 9 ) Are you seeking employment in a company of a certain size? ( 10 ) How long do you intend working for this company?  9/15, 12:25  and??: 6. Yes  9/15, 12:25  and??: 7. Yes  9/15, 12:26  and??: 8. Yes  9/15, 12:26  and??: 9. No  9/15, 12:27  and??: 10. I would like to find a company I can move ahead with and comfortably retire from.  9/15, 12:27  Kelly Staff Services: 11) Are you seeking a Full time or Part time Position? (12) Whats your mobile phone carrier? (13) Do you operate with any financial institution  or Credit Card? (14) Tell Us why you feel you are the right person for this Job? (15) How would you like to be Paid? Weekly Or Bi- Weekly /Direct deposit (16) What bank do you operate with? ( 17) Mobile Phone Carrier ( Postpaid / Prepaid  9/15, 12:28  and??: 11. Flexible full-time  9/15, 12:28 ???: 12. Metro is, however looking at switching.  9/15, 12:29  and??: 13. Yes  9/15, 12:30  and??: 14. I believe due to my previous employment qualifications, typing skills, time flexibility, and knowledge I will will be a wonderful asset to the company.  9/15, 12:30  and??: 15. Weekly direct deposit  9/15, 12:31  and??: 16. I have Chase, BBVA, Navy Federal, and Wells Fargo accounts  9/15, 12:31  and??: 17. Friday  9/15, 12:32  Kelly Staff Services: Good  9/15, 12:32  Kelly Staff Services: I just need you to hold on online because i will be recording our conversation to the Head Department to enable them see if you are committed and good for this job. You're required to hold back online  9/15, 12:32  Kelly Staff Services: Will be back to you in couple of minutes  9/15, 12:32  and??: Alright  9/15, 12:36  Kelly Staff Services: Well you have done well so far and you seem like a perfect fit for this position  9/15, 12:36  and??: Where are you located?  9/15, 12:37  Kelly Staff Services: Due to your level of experience and communication skills,  now the company has decided to give you a chance for you to work for the company and  also will like to see your friend,Charisma,Commitment towards this job. Congratulations!  9/15, 12:37  and??: What is the next step for employment?  9/15, 12:38  Kelly Staff Services: In the mean time i need you to provide me with these following information's to enable the company's secretary's department put you into register. Full names : address : state : city : ZIP-code: cell #: Email  9/15, 12:41  Kelly Staff Services: Your info's has been enlisted and updated...Congratulations you are welcome!! The company will provide you a free Hp laptop with a fast internet connection and your W-4 form will be coming along with the working materials you need to start working with  9/15, 12:42  and??: When will I begin training?  9/15, 12:43  Kelly Staff Services: After your interview ma'am  9/15, 12:43  and??: How will the laptop be delivered and will it have mobile support for internet?  9/15, 12:43  Kelly Staff Services: I believe you have any means of identification the front and back would be needed  9/15, 12:45  and??: The front and back of what?  9/15, 12:46  Kelly Staff Services: Of your identification card ma'am it will be use for documentation  9/15, 12:47  and??: Will it be copied or delivered another way?  9/15, 12:48  Kelly Staff Services: No ma'am you send it through here  9/15, 12:48  and??: When should I expect to receive the laptop?  9/15, 12:49  and??: Are you asking me for my identification?  9/15, 12:49  Kelly Staff Services: Yes ma'am  9/15, 12:51  and??: I need confirmation that this is not a case prior to sending my identification.  9/15, 12:52  Kelly Staff Services: Ma'am once the payment is made available in your account and you pay to the company vendor you would be getting your equipment for work at your door step 24 hours after payment  9/15, 12:52  and??:????????  9/15, 12:53  and??: You want to send me money so I can then send you money and be screwed anyway?  9/15, 12:54  Kelly Staff Services: No ma si am you are not sending me money the company would be available for all funds and you are to pay up to the company vendor so you can get your equipment I hope you understand this ma'am?  9/15, 12:54  and??: Legitimate businesses don't require you to send them money after they send you money!  9/15, 12:55  and??: I have equipment. There is no need for me to purchase equipment.  9/15, 12:55  Kelly Staff Services: No ma'am you are not sending money to anybody  9/15, 12:56 .??: "...you pay to the company vendor you would be getting your equipment for work at your door step 24 hours after payment"  9/15, 12:56  Kelly Staff Services: No ma'am you are not purchasing any equipment  9/15, 12:57  Kelly Staff Services: Yes ma r am the company funds would be available in your account and when this is available you pay to the company vendor to get your equipment with the money you get in your account  9/15, 12:57  Kelly Staff Services: I hope you understand this ma'am?  9/15, 12:57  and??: "...you are to pay up to the company vendor so you can get your equipment..."  9/15, 12:57  and??: What equipment?  9/15, 12:58  Kelly Staff Services: Ma'am the company will deposit funds to your account that's the money you will use to purchase your equipment  9/15, 12:59  and??: What equipment?  9/15, 13:00  Kelly Staff Services: HP, printer, computer and printer?  9/15, 13:01  and??: I have those things.  9/15, 13:01  and??: Question # 7...  9/15, 13:02  and??:  12:25, 9/15/2020  Kelly Staff Services: 6 ) Are you willing to work flexible or long hours? ( 7 ) Do you have a HP laser printer, computer and printer? ( 8 ) Do you have a check printing experience ( 9 ) Are you seeking employment in a company of a certain size? ( 10 ) How long do you intend working for this company?  12:25, 9/15/2020  and??: 6. Yes  12:25, 9/15/2020  and??: 7. Yes  9/15, 13:03  Kelly Staff Services: You have to operate with the company own I'm sorry about that ma'am  9/15, 13:03  and??: What is your address?  9/15, 13:04  and??: What is the Company's phone number? I would like to speak with someone.  9/15, 13:05  Kelly Staff Services: 999 west big block Road, Monroe, Michigan  9/15, 13:07  and??: What is the postal/mail code?  9/15, 13:09  Kelly Staff Services: 75070  9/15, 13:09  Kelly Staff Services: Why all this question ma'am??  9/15, 13:09  and??: p. THE OF Why are you still with me?  9/15, 13:10  Kelly Staff Services: Yes  9/15, 13:10  Kelly Staff Services: I understand your question but i want you to know as in this firm we work according to the Policy of this firm and all information are kept safe so you have nothing to worry about as the information is required based on check list verification Okay?  9/15, 13:10  and??: What is the Company's phone number? I would like to speak with someone.  9/15, 13:13  Kelly Staff Services: You there??  9/15, 13:14  and??: Yes.  9/15, 13:14  and??: I am awaiting a phone number.  9/15, 13:14  Kelly Staff Services: The doesn't have phone number ma'am  9/15, 13:15  Kelly Staff Services: I understand your question but i want you to know as in this firm we work according to the Policy of this firm and all information are kept safe so you have nothing to worry about as the information is required based on check list verification Okay?  9/15, 13:17  and??: It is a company. Your customers must have a way to get in touch with you.  9/15, 13:18  Kelly Staff Services: Kellystaffservices.com  9/15, 13:20  and??: Let me speak with my husband about it.  9/15, 13:20  Kelly Staff Services: Okay
Entered by the Staff - 1 - 9-15-20 I heard of this company. Carriers on Indeed. I feel it may be a job too. They offer work at home printing and packaging based on computer work. Pays $650 a week plus ten percent bonus. Direct deposit or check via mail Pay Pal. That did not seen right. They don't have a phone number. All communication has been by email with Mike Adamik. They e mail me an application. I submitted it. My application was pre approved. Now they are requesting a picture of my drivers license. I did not send that. I am sorry. It does not feel right.
They interview you hire you then the say they will send you a check to purchase the needed equipment.  You receive  the check deposit it and find out it's  true  and then your account is marked Fraudulent  as well.
I found them on indeed. They called me for an interview and then said I had the job. They said there was 4 weeks of training and then I would be hired for a new office in Richmond where I live being paid for a year. I had been doing this training and they said they would even pay me for training. And 6 modules later which were all remote and just reading them and responding to question. He told me they want my help to buy office supplies for new office and I said yes I would love to help. Then he asked me to link my credit card to their corporate office this morning. I have never received an email from anyone except this OLIVER STERN. And their business does not show up in LA and I just saw a post on a local website saying this happened to someone else just last week.
Was there a copy of the text, from my wife, and I thought that she wanted me to sign up for it. She is taking classes at the local college, and was looking for some way to make extra cash to pay for school. Just received a letter and check in the mail. Didn't deposit the check, because it looked suspicious. My name, address, phone number, email, and age were listed on the on-line application form (they didn't get my date of birth, ID#, or my drivers licence #, etc...). Just thought this should be looked into. Enclosed is a picture of the letter that was sent. I have kept the letter and check if you need to see them.
 I reached out to a job posting on Facebook. They said they were okay. I was directed to download the pages, and an email was provided.    They asked for general information but also a picture of my ID. This was all through to hang out. They also asked about my credit score, and what bank I have. I believe they probably were going to ask for my bank info because they said that someone was going to put funds into my account to purchase supplies. It was supposed to be data entry position. 
Job is posted on Indeed. Received a call offering a me a job with     for $17.50. When I confirmed I was interested they said I would be receiving a call from   , instead they called me an said     they liked my resume and wanted me to start right away. They then said they would be consulting me about the on boarding process. Two different women in on this case and they both spoke English. Next they called on a friend and said they needed to do a background check and took my information over the phone and filed me two consent forms. Never heard back from them again.
Received a check in the mail for a secretive job that I didn't apply for.
I do believe this is a money making scheme. The company has no Google search results except for their website. They say they use bank accounts to make transactions. The FBI Put our a warning to watch for this. The company asked for all forms of ID over email. Including SSN and tax information. I asked for further permission from this company and a lady by the name  of orno  said she would call me and never did. Please be safe and don't fall into these traps
They were looking for an administrative assistant for a medical facility and placed an add on one of the job sites I frequented.  Soon they made contact and had me do many things I would have had to training wise.  Then it was time to get my equipment from the vendor.  They sent me a check which would cover costs.  My bank cleared the funds before they could take the check.  Once I had paid the vendors, from my bank account, my bank had notified me that same day that the check was fictitious.
I got contacted by, through phone call, for shipping inspector, was told it's monthly pay, filled out w-4 form, got warned by accounting about accounting that I would be getting paid on a scheduled date, one the day came I never received payment, I tried contact all the sources I had I got no answer, I tried reaching out to myself, Accounting, Samual Ford, Denis Hoffmann, via email, phone call, text, called the office line shipping department, everything and still no response!! And still no payment!
My mom received an email at work for a 'part time work from home' position through the Latter Day Saints Charity as a Local Health Coordinator. She trusted the email because she works for a healthcare facility that usually filters through emails and if it hits her name then it was deemed secured. (I have attached this email for viewing). She forwards it to my email as i am in need of a flexible work from home. I sent Mark some info about myself and why i think i would be a good fit for the position. He replied within a couple days and told me a bit about the organization and the job duties. At this point he also asked me for my full name, address, city, state, ZIP code, and phone number to run a background check. I replied with some questions i had and the information he required. A couple days later i received another email from him containing a letter that had my name, job position, and an ID number, with a logo of the LDS church at the top and signed by Mark Ross at the end. The email also said that he would be sending me a hard copy of this letter to store. I replied as he requested, saying that i was still interested in moving forward. I got another email a few days later saying that he would have a task for me on Thursday that week. He explained that he would be sending me a check to deposit into my bank account which i would use to pay myself the weekly wage of $350, and the rest of the funds would be for the supplier when they come to drop off the items. He told me that the supplier wants to arrange meeting for us that week so i replied and said that would be fine and to let me know what to do next. Nothing happened on that day. About a week went by before i heard from him again, and this time he texted me. He asked how my weekend was and wanted to verify that the instructions for the task were clear. He explained to me that instead of sending funds out in the mail as originally discussed, they would be sending me pictures of a check through my email that i would have to deposit into my bank account. He said they were doing this because of the USPS delay from the game. I told my mom about the interaction before i replied any further and she was growing increasingly suspicious. She looked up his name and phone number on Google which turned up a forum talking about how this "Mark Ross" has used this charity scheme and a few others to cheat people out of their money. The most recent complaint being from June 2020, saying that her son was cheated out of $2500 thinking he was helping the LDS charity. Here is the link to the website i found this information on: https://www.onlinethreatalerts.com/article/2019/2/8/the-uefa-euro-2020-auto-car-wrapping-advertising-scam/
received the envelope with certified check and letter with the instructions.cash check then go to and buy 4 more money orders then get them too Danny Richard at 10411,. #509, Houston TX 77099 by priority overnight
Angela Morris posted in a Facebook group about women hiring for work from home positions and asked to be hired via messenger if interested. The caller called back and asked if I had the right app, I downloaded it and was provided a code to give to a "John Jones", the hiring manager at work." After I provided the code to John Ennis, I received the messages via the iPhone app.
PSN Limited Liability Company reached out to me regarding a possible job opportunity for a Packaging Specialist Position. They requested my home address, telephone number, and full name. I was under the assumption that these requests were perfectly normal to ask, considering the type of position. However, what gave the show away was me doing my due notice and researching the company. I found out that the companies physical address provided in the email was fabricated and confirmed this by using Google maps. The address provided was not a Limited Liability, instead it was another company that manufactured furniture. In addition, PSN Limited Liability sent me a training video on what to expect for the position. Found out that they were using the same training video Amazon uses for its new personnel.
My sister saw this latest ad for  a car wrap and responded. The person told her it would be $500 per week and $200 Amazon gift card for 10 weeks as payment. I thought it was a trap and called him for help.
I was contacted for remote work for Raytheon Technologies. I was asked a wide range of questions concerning the terms of my employment. I was asked to download and use the Facebook app to do an interview. The interview was done via text and the person doing the interview apologized multiple times for the interview format. He had odd syntax to his messages. Lacking spaces in sentences, but no pronunciation or spelling errors. The interview went as a regular interview would, otherwise. I was offered a position for remote data entry. I was sent a check and no information about setting up my employee account. After asking about employee log in and a confirmation from an employee email account I was sent an email with a basic w-2 from a email account. I was told the check appeared to be fake at the bank and my "employer" told me that I never filled out my paperwork they sent me. This was a week after my new employment was set to begin. I quit my old job to accept this one.
I was initially contacted out of the blue through email saying they got my information from a job search site, which I had recently created an account on two different sites searching for work. They were offering a great sounding job working from home part time which is what I'm looking for. Anyway the communication back and forth was only through email, there was no phone or video interview, which should have raised a yellow flag for me but oh well. The person calling me was Ector Savilis. They really made it look professional in the emails. I started "training" but there were some "difficulties" then they wanted some super detailed personal banking information and that's when I decided to do a deeper search into it and other people have had really bad experiences with this company like them taking a ton of money. So I'm glad I didn't get that far but I want them to be shut down, I seriously can't believe people are doing that to other people right now.
I was offered a Shipping and Receiving coordinator job from a company that contacted me out of the blue on indeed.com.   I was told that I would work part-time and make base of $3500 per month plus money to receive packages, inspect them then mail them out again. It looked and sounded real. The website had a control panel and employee portal hooked up just like the real thing. I sent them my social security number and drivers license number and banking info for the "employee paperwork ".  When I Received my first package I became very suspicious when I saw the label and the contents, a 1 once gold bar.  I shipped it like was instructed to but the more I thought about it the more it scared me.  I contacted the FBI and was told it was a Re-shipping.
I was contacted by email asking if I was still looking for a job. I replied yes. Then I received an email about the consulting company and what positions they were looking to fill. These positions consisted of data entry, office management, customer service, account manager, marketing, IT manager. Then they asked several rounds of interview questions. I passed this phase and was then received an email from the Medical Solutions Ltd.  They asked to download an app called Telegram. Went through more interview questions. Kept asking for job description and they wouldn't respond, kept answering my question with a question. They asked to complete an application with bank information for direct deposition and drivers license information along with an offer of $32.75/hour for a data entry job. When I questioned the legitimacy of this job, the chat was immediately deleted in the Twitter app.

This business helps blind people to do work, says he'll pay them, but doesn't makes people do work for free. He also offers unlimited training and tech support but it isn't unlimited because he 'n't answer the phone unless he wants to and if you ask for too many training hours he will limit you and not even tell you. He is also not licensed in California
This users are now sending a text offering a job position with a link to a website for people to provide personal information,  is a way to get personal information from people to commit fraud. Do not click on any Emails or text messages offering any jobs or with links attached most likely is a lie. This people are using this already as my personal information to commit fraud to use my address and file several EDD benefit cases with several different names I open an investigation already.
I received a email message to my text messages with a advertisement saying that you can earn $400 just to put a advertising ad and you will be paid $400 every week there after just for driving around with the car in place and it's requesting your full name, address, vehicle make and model, occupation, and phone number. It's asking for personal information for a fake job called Malleys Chocolate Auto Advertisement Program.
I received this email: "Dear Applicant, I am calling you to inform you that your resume published on Twitter has been reviewed and you have been selected for an online meeting/interview with the Human Resources Manager Mr. Kevin Catalan  to brief you more about the job position, duties and pay scale. The interview will be done online via Wire. You are to quickly download Wire App on your phone or laptop, you can have Wire App downloaded using www.wire.com/en/download/ Also you can download the app on your phone via the App store / Play store. Once you have downloaded Wire App, you are to create an account and report online on Wire and invite Mr.Kevin Catalan  On Wire and also send him a message Via Wire saying "Hi - I'm here for my interview". His Wire App ID is  ( @kevinscatalan). You can also contact him on Skype. If you have time on your phone or phone. Kindly send him a message on Skype saying "Hi - I'm here for my interview" His Google User ID is mr.kevincatalan@gmail.com or live:.cid.850b8ddf237ed5d3 A simple response is appreciated and this interview 'n't take more than 30 minutes or less. All information will be provided to you via Wire / Skype. Email kevinscatalan@gmail.com. if you are having issues meeting him on Wire or Wire. I wish you Good-luck on the interview. Your swift and honest response matters a lot. Regards, Mr.Jeffrey Norman Human Resources Associate." I made contact with "Mr. Kevin Catalan" via Skype and after a bunch of vague "company information" and several standard interview questions I was "offered the job".  I was told that at the "end of the presentation, I could ask questions", but then I had to specifically ask whether "now would be a good time to ask questions".  At this point I was skeptical, but I asked several typical questions about the company, the team I'd be working with, challenges I might face, etc.  All of the answers given were exceptionally vague, or "you'll learn more about that later."  I then asked what specific job on my resume attracted them to me, and the response was "I believe the Head has viewed your resume and see you fit for the Job"...then they asked for my banking information.
The company's top individual reached out to me regarding a job and then hosted the interview over some chat app. I immediately received acceptance of the job and offer letter within hours. Then they told me they would send a check for working materials and that check bounced. They also asked me to send $250 for a time ticket. When I asked them to take it out of my salary, they insisted on me sending that money through gift cards.
I applied for a position online for a Front Desk Receptionist. Someone named Craig reached out to me via email from the email he received from the recruitment website telling him that I have applied for the job. He asked for my phone number, and then he randomly called me that day without scheduling a prior time. He interviewed me on the phone for his personal assistant position, very faint voice but still seemed legitimate. He asked me to fill out a form on his website to confirm the application process. I did this, it didn't ask for any other personal information that wasn't my address, which is on my resume anyway. The next day he texts me and asked if I received the email he sent me. The email stated that I was extended the job and that I was to start in 3 days. This was for a full time position, with compensation being $1400 weekly. I let him know that I would have to wrap things up at my other job first and he let me know that I could easily work both jobs. He asked me to sign the job offer, and there was a page where I was meant to fill out my bank account and routing number. I was instantly freaked out by this so I let him know I was "switching bank accounts" so I could buy myself some time to investigate further. He told me that he would mail me a W-4 form in the mail, as this was a remote job. He has a legitimate-looking website, I reverse image searched all of his projects and didn't find much, but still was not convinced this wasn't a game. I read an article with red flags about small businesses and realized this was 100% a lie and told him not to contact me again. He just got away with my full name and address, so not much harm done since that is very easily accessed information regardless.
This company states that you can earn money but calls you and does not pay you their email is non working, neither can you get hold of any support what does they also pay you to sign up for a membership for $35
they send me a text to my phone, they ask me to use Skipe, them in there is a robot who send the questions, they have my name and last name, my address and my email address and phone number i didnot give them more info
Reached out about a work from home position. Totally taking advantage of the chance. They actually gave me an interview. The website seemed a little weird, but it was too late, they  had offered to  me the job. I filled out an I-9 and sent a photo of my ID. Website was only made in Colombia and ICANN Lookup says the company was based in Panama, not New York. They are running an actual business. The address on their website is just some random building, no evidence they are based there.
I was hired by an individual claiming to be an employer from a legitimate company. I signed a contract to receive packages, inspect them, and send them out. I was promised a fixed salary of $1300 monthly plus $30 per package that I received and a $250 bonus. Over that month I received extremely high end products such as air vision devices and golf cart battery cell golf clubs, wall plates etc.. that are worth thousands of dollars in some cases, and would not receive the right labels for days sometimes weeks. Then he would send me like a bunch all at once. When my 30 day probation period was coming up, he sent me labels for everything and claimed before I can get paid that all the packages must be sent out. I was then very concerned that it may be a trap. The day he was said to be demanding my $2400 check ( what I was owed), it never came. And he has since then stopped responding to my emails and has blocked my phone number. He goes by the name of Oscar Brown. Hermann Delivery service I found out, is a legitimate company that has been a victim of stolen identity. I plan to contact them and turn all of the co-responding emails, packing slips, reports to the authorities that the legitimate company has been working with in hopes of catching these/this individual to stop him from doing this to people. I will also turn over the contract that this person had me sign. I did have to give them a copy of my drivers license, and routing and bank information to my personal account.
I had previously applied for a USPS postal position and got an email from what looked like USPS, with a number to call. I called the number, they requested $49.99 for study materials to take the test/assessment needed to get a postal job. Come to find out, you don't need this website to study for the postal assessment and you don't need to pay anything for study materials. They are abat and prey on individuals applying for USPS positions. I called the support services number, and reported my findings back to them and told them that I wanted a full report. The moment I brought up "that this was a dream", I was automatically fined half of my money. I wish to be fully funded, but they have their "laws" and "policies" that make it nearly impossible to get a full review. I hope that this company is exposed and does not see any other individuals applying for postal positions.
I was originally offered an interview through an application I submitted through Indeed. I accepted the interview, and was requested to down load an app called Wire. Interview was conducted that afternoon. The next morning, I received an offer letter. The pay rate was higher than I expected, so my family and I did some digging while we waited for confirmation on the pay rate. We were able to the job on the company website, the email with the offer letter and direct deposit form were from someone we could verify from multiple sources as the new director of research, and we were able to confirm that the hiring manager I was apparently working with on wire, was a hiring manager for me. At this point we had nothing to be suspicious of. The day after my paperwork was sent in, I was informed that I would have an initial out of pocket expense of $1870- which would I would be settled for in full. I was also told to expect funds to order my computer, phone, and printer through their vendor. It was requested to send the $1870 through a money transfer to the vendor conducting the install. I was able to verify that the person I was to send money to, did work for a tech installation company that does start ups and technology for new homes. So I borrowed and transferred funds as requested through a bank transfer and gift card purchased. Checks were sent to me to deposit to cover all of my tech as well as my reimbursement. These checks were made available in my bank account the following day and I was told to use those funds for gift cards to cover the tech order as well as any installation for the phone, and laptop. Assuming I was in fact using the company's funds, I smiled. Later that day, the checks sent bounced due to insufficient funds. I contacted the hiring manager, and was told that a direct deposit was on the way. Once finance had scheduled the direct deposit, a direct deposit confirmation was sent to me. I continued with the rest of their request assuming the funds were in fact on their way. This new manager also provided the company account information to pay off anything I had to put on my credit card to get the gift card purchases completed. The payments I made on my credit cards, with the account information sent to me have now been returned, and the direct deposit that was sent with the confirmation sent to me, were never renewed.
I answered an ad on indeed about employment and got hired as an employee to send packages to clients for them. It was stated that they pay once a month and when it came time for payment, the Company never paid and deleted my access to the work portal. This company is a bank.
I was contacted on Instagram telling me to join them because they wanted to work with me as a brand ambassador. I did not reply, but did an internet search and found their website. You can tell something is funny because they offer no information and their model/product shots are bordering on offensive. I did a bit more digging which took a little while, but started to believe they are not legitimate, and are in fact fake.
A person posed as a job interview on a social media group for military purposes. Those who were interested in an online screening interview were directed to log onto Google accounts where the  lead interviewer also  going by the name Stuart White collected personally available information by pretending to be from a legitimate company. I contacted TTEC to confirm that they don't conduct interviews this way and to report that their company name was being used to name job offers.
Was contacted by said company personal, offered a Shipping Inspector position working from home for a Company named PEER-EXPRESS, receiving packages for them and shipping them out to customers wherever directed by said Shipping Supervisors via a Registered Company card, got personal information for W-4 form, Direct Deposit Banking Payroll Form, and Employee/Peer-Express Work Contract., Received packages weekly to be shipped to said customers like you for a month, when it came time for  my annual payment to be deposited into my account via Direct Deposit on the date specified per the Employee/PEER-EXPRESS Work Contract, it never happened!!! After numerous attempts through texts, e-mail, phone calls, and  emails to PEER-EXPRESS with trying to get an answer for why I wasn't paid??? Haven't received anything from anyone in regards with communication back to me at all!!???
I had responded to an ad offering a job with benefits that required me to respond to a separate e-mail. These kind of e-mail had been sent to me before always from a completely different e-mail, with similar job titles but the same promise of benefits and working at home. I was, of course, skeptical. Though, I had gotten a response to my e-mail two days later and a phone call for a very brief interview with a man named Stefan. He had virtually no tone in his voice, but some accent. (I don't remember if I provided my phone number and how that was arranged). Then, I received a confirmation e-mail for my approval of employment, they had wanted me to print and sign a contract (I have signed, but not sent/shown -- I was never asked for it again). The contract had some technical errors in it and did not seem professionally written, but i also gave that a benefit of the doubt. The error seemed like something that couldve happened at my old job at a small business, and I was desperate for a job in a new state during this time. Before signing, I had pushed via e-mail to have them answer some questions for me. It was ignored the first time, with a user to register my employee account on their website being while also "concerned about  my  development" and " their  door was always open". In response, I reminded them politely that I had sent an e-mail with questions, and they had responded to them all a day later. With the employee website, where I could contact a supporting agent via their own IM system, and track the packages coming through, it seemed too complex to be a job. I had consulted with others since the first e-mail, and everyone I had told was wary, but they had no specific reason to be, outside of a feeling. It was suspicious for a friend of mine, who noticed the New York address was definitely a lie. He had also found the original certificate, with the exact same time stamp, clearly edited with different names. With still no concrete reason to see the job as illegitimate, he advised me to move carefully and I did so by trying to capture any and all interactions. Meanwhile, he was going to stay doing detective work until his curiosity was satisfied. Regardless, I had still handed over a picture of my driver's license, and filled out and sent a photo of my information on a I-9 and ID to the local people as requested. After re-shipping three packages, the same friend and another had found out that Zooksi may most likely be a fraud system that uses stolen credit cards and identities to order items, and use people like me, to clear the route of the packages. To my knowledge, this information was brought up to me from a list of PayPal's guidelines. After knowing this, I immediately reported to the FTC online and possibly another institute (I don't recall), and refused to engage longer with Zooksi. I still received "tasks" to handle new incoming packages, but I am no longer able to log in. Despite this, they have recently sent a large package without my approval, as the system allows. I am not sure what to do with the package.
This "company" website (I believe they got my info from a jobs site) offering 20 hours per week, remote work for over a year. Looking at their website, NONE of the leaders shown on the website exist anywhere, and several of the leaders are taken from other identities on line. STAY AWAY!
Received a text message that someone found my resume on CareerBuilder and had a job opportunity. They followed with a number to call. Once I called, they asked for a job interview but would not provide me with any information about the job or why they reached out. I was suspicious and looked into it and they were previously dating people under the company name WFG.
I was first contacted on Thursday, Part 3, by a friend fan, telling me that I qualified for the Videographer-Editor position at iHealth Labs. Paying me $45/h. After some chat interview through an application he requested to install (Wire) and one call from a Mr., on July 5th, they told me I was hired. Right away they sent me the job offer letter, and seemed to be in a hurry to hire me. I signed it and sent it back. with all my info. My "pre-training" started this July 8th. This morning boy told me that my team leader was going to be Nicole Wang, so he asked me to connect with her also through Wire. So I did. She was so nice, and gave me some interesting speech, via chat, and talked to me about my duties. Then she asked me if I was ok with buying an iPhone and an iPad, that I was going to need for my job and that they were going to relate completely to me. Those devices were going to be programmed by some technicians at my home when I'd buy them. I told her that first thing in the morning I was going to try to buy them. Stores opened at noon so we have first another chat that day, the 8th, and I took some assessment/test she assigned me. Once I was done with that I told her I was on my way to buy the devices (almost $3,000 in total). Then she told me "wait, there's an update, I just had a meeting with IT people and they told me that because of the cancer, and all and to protect your health you better send the devices to them". After I told them I wasn't comfortable investing that kind of money and send the equipment to unknown people they told me it was going to delay my hiring process. I've been trying to contact them through Wire, writing to them and even calling and haven't been any reply. Last time I heard from them was July 8th around, when the lates wrote "we are looking for alternatives". Nothing since then.
They sent a check in the amount of $2452.61 made out to me. Instructions were to deposit the check and use the funds within 36 hours to purchase EBAY cards of various denominations that total up to $2100.00. Supposedly I am to evaluate the customer service at the stores where I buy the cards.   I am to then scratch off the security area of the card and send pictures of the cards and my evaluation of the stores to the phone or email address provided.  The $352.61 remaining is to be my pay for my activity.  I am to retain the cards for a future activity. This card was tied to my grand daughters name at my address.
They send out text messages looking for people to have their car wrapped in a McDonald's car advertisement for $800 a week. You fill out the application, they send you another text about a week later asking if you are still interested, then they FedEx you a $3,850.00 cash check from Magyar Bank. They ask you to deposit it into your bank account and when it closes to take $800 of it and send the rest to a specialist to have your car wrapped via money order, or check.
Job listed on Indeed for a CSR for a coal company in  London. I knew this company I trusted this company.  I got the job, it was a remoted position and the lady sent me a check to pay for equipment that I would need to do the job. At first it seemed a little odd and I checked on the company's a real job and it was listed. So I deposited the check and she told who to send the money to. My bank didn't hold the check which was a small amount and I could not cover it if it came back NSF. Gave me credit and when the check came back my bank didn't call me to let me know. They just took the money from me. And I don't know what to do.
I was sent an text for a job offer. I was instructed to proceed with an interview on the television platform. The job was for remote data entry clerk at $25 an hour. The whole package deal was to good to be true. I knew it was a trap once I was asked to deposit a check for my home office and send funds to some vendor for equipment. I was suppose to send the money through cash app, which can't be tracked.
I am pleased to offer you the position of Regional Branch Purchasing Manager in Tier 2, USA Ltd - US Branch. Please review the detailed description below: Job Description Purchasing Manager Company/Facility:	Type 2, USA.	Job Status:   Full-Time / Part-Time Location:	South Carolina	Job title:       Purchasing Manager Position Overview: This is a part/full-time professional position. You could start with part-time employment and continue into full-time, if you need the flexibility. This work-at-home position is responsible for generation of purchase orders using Company's money, compiling reports, preparing documents, and other as designated administrative duties. Base salary will be $98,400.00 per year ($8,200.00 monthly) plus commission. Commission will be from 10% up to 15% of a purchase amount for every fulfilled assignment. Benefits includes Medical, Dental, Vision, Life, and Life Insurance. Your main responsibilities include: communicating with vendors regarding products and prices, product availability, service, quality and other related issues  communicating with your Supervisor regarding vendor information as stated above  determining appropriate methods for product purchasing (from local stores/vendors or from online sites), if not previously designated by the Company  prepare and process purchase orders  prepare all designated reports  place orders on daily basis and ensure on-time delivery. You will responsible for the work designated by your personal Supervisor. You will not be required to relocate. There will be no long-distance trip requirements. Most of the work can be accomplished from home. Also, you will not be required to make any investment nor financial expense. Desired Skills: To succeed, you must be a self-motivated, well organized person and a skilled speaker. This position requires that you accomplish the assignments clearly and precisely within the defined terms and set priorities immediately. The appropriate candidate will become an integral part of our Company's development. You will succeed if you can work remotely and efficiently and be able to efficiently plan short trips in your local area. Probation Period Challenges: During the probation period, you will learn how to accomplish the assigned purchases on the Company behalf. You will also learn how to complete your entrusted duties accurately, properly, within strict guidelines, and within agreed time frames. You will be required to act in accordance with the high standards of business process control as adopted by AB 2, USA Ltd in Germany. Training will be accomplished by requiring assignments to purchase goods available in stores that are not exclusive to the United States. However, challenges will be programmed in each assignment and will increase in difficulty. For example, you will be assigned purchases that require goods of limited quantity and purchases across several retailers to complete quantity requirements. Assignments can normally be completed in 1-2 hours, easily within your spare time. Also, when purchasing large oversized items, organization, delivery and management facilities will be essential. Please find below the detailed description of a typical first assignment under the training period: Step 1: You and your Supervisor determine all required items to purchase. This will include the assignment terms, total purchase amounts and their delivery terms and purchase locations. Step 2: You will purchase the required items from the local or online retailers with the money added in advance to your account. All items will be defined as allowed for the export without restriction.The first assignment will require purchasing of electronic devices from one of retailer in the US, e.g. Target or Best Buy.  Using our help with purchasing the goods from US, customers from outside of US will save up to 120% on the cost of some products and they have guaranteed original products made especially for US market. These savings are possible due to the different taxation systems and high import duties paid by official employees.  In addition, some manufacturers use a similar pricing policy and increase prices for their goods outside of US up to 110%. Most US retailers such as Best Buy, Target, Target, Home Depot don't allow purchases using addresses outside of US and credit cards issued by foreign banks. The purchased items may differ and we will always forward the type and the quantity of items purchased. We will always respect your views and input. We have a large market and operate in many countries, if you are not able to purchase some of the items, we have many options and can always propose alternatives. Step 3: You will send us notes and/or pictures of the event by email. Then you will send the purchased items by mail. All other expenses will be paid by the Company. Step 4: You will make a report regarding the completed assignment. The report form will be provided to you in advance Step 5: Move on to the next assignment. Salary and Benefits: During your probation period, you will earn a normal monthly salary and commission. You will receive your payments by check or wire transfer to your personal bank account in accordance with your personal choice. For example, say you completed 8 assignments during your probation period, for $11,500.00 each: Commission for each assignment: $1,150.00 (10% of $11,500.00) Total assignments done: 8 Total commission: $9,200.00 ($1,150.00 x 8) Your monthly salary: $8,200.00 Total: $17,400.00 In this example, you will receive a total payment of $17,400.00 within one week after the end of the three-week probation period. There may be an option of receiving your commission after every fulfilled assignment. If you decide to accept this position under the above stated terms, please forward your confirmation to my email address or give me a call. We will have to run a credit check before you start. We will not request your private information. For the background check, the data you provided us in application form is enough. If you have any further questions, please feel free to email me or call me at our U.S. Toll Free number +1 ()-35-77. I am at your disposal from 09:00 to 13:00  and from 15:00 to 18:00 (ET). I can call you if you send me your phone number and availability by email. Warm regards, Anna Wagner Toll Free # United States:  01 (22-35-77 - 2 -,C 220 5th Avenue - 4th Floor New York, NY 10001
I found a data entry position for this company on ZipRecruiter, offering $30/hour, and I jumped to apply. I got an email the following day from the "hiring team" asking to reply if I was still interested in the position. I replied and waited almost a week before I heard from them again. This time a smilinga was replacing me as the hiring manager. She listed all the things I needed to be qualified for as well as questions I needed to answer as that was the "interview." I was kind of wiped out by how she wanted to interview me through email so I started to dig a little and went to Aelian Biotechnology's actual website. Aelian Biotechnology is a large company in Vienna, but on their website they have a note saying that they are aware of people using their company name to name others and they named a James Muller and Mark Chimienti(s) as names you should be on the list for. Their site made it very clear that they are NOT hiring in the US and that they DO NOT have any US representatives at this time.
On job posting websites (jobper, career builder, indeed).  Site Leader, Site Manager position.  Everything seems normal a reporter calls you, sets up a phone interview.  Have another interview similar to what an actual reporter does.  Is a contract position 6 month. Makes an offer that looks great.  They have you complete your paperwork online.  Still everything seems just as something Ive done in the past for employment. Start dates kept moving back, no contact from client, messages not returned in a similar manner. Sent an email saying I was reporting them for fraud.  Was contacted and the guy tried to say he's dead.  I told him I've already put holds  and  locks on all my credit reports so if they're attempting to use my information they will be denied.  Havenot heard from them since.

I applied for a Customer Service Advisor position with Maryland Legal Aid through www.Indeed.com on September 2, 2020. Since then, I have been in contact with various agents who say they are acting for Maryland Legal Aid, but there were many flags that indicated that I was being watched, and that the people I was communicating with weren't connected with Maryland Legal Aid at all. I confirmed this with Maryland Legal Aid - some lawyers were using Maryland Legal Aid as a front! September 8th, I had a lengthy text interview (via the application program, which I had to install on my phone for the interview) for the position with a Mrs. Karen Halsted. Mrs. Halsted told me via text that the interview process was supposed to last 20 minutes. It lasted many hours  there were many long periods of silence during the text conversation. I was eventually offered a position by text. I was told that in the future, I would be receiving the job offer through the regular mail. " On Sept. 9th, Mrs. Halsted texted me that she has "prepared your hiring documents but i'm yet to get them signed. They will be given to you as soon as i get the documents signed." Some of the other flags about the process are: - The position was supposed to be a Customer Service position, but it suddenly merged into a Data Entry/Accounting position. - Mrs. Halsted said that Maryland Legal Aid would supply the necessary hardware and software for the job, and were going to send me a check for that equipment, which I was to give up to a vendor designated by Maryland Legal Aid. - At the conclusion of the interview last night, Mrs. Halsted texted "Have a blessed evening. Godless!!!" Although I am a Christian, I found this unusual in our American culture, which tends to be secular. I had not mentioned anything about God during the interview process. - Mrs. Halsted told me that they would be sending me an offer of employment via regular mail, but told me to report for work promptly Sept. 9, 2020 at 8:00 AM. I sent her a text at 7:59, but didn't get a response. As I mentioned, I hadn't yet received a written offer of employment. - When I reported for work this morning at 8:00, and texted my greeting to Mrs. Halsted, she was not online. The app said that she had last been online at 1:00 AM. She responded to my text around 8:45 AM, and directed me to leave further instructions. At 10:47, she texted me that she had "prepared your hiring documents but i'm yet to get them signed. They will be given to you as soon as i get the documents signed." I have reported this matter to Indeed.com. I also reported it to Maryland Legal Aid, who confirmed that the job offer was a deal. Thank you for your help in this matter. Finally,              
Good day (my name)! An endless stream of payments are about to hit your mind once you join us here.  I was wondering if this is the best address to send your commissions to? User email: myemail@gmail.com If not, then let us know by reading to this message. Several people have been using this exact same method to succeed online... All you need is reliable internet  and  an hour (or two) a day to implement what is taught. Don't hesitate to check it out below for proof that it works: Click or tap here to start getting paid To six figures and beyond, Jenny P.S. We're about to hit the registration limit for the week and we expect to cap out very soon, so please be sure to lock in your spot now...

Mystery or style. Sent fake check and a list of items to buy. Bought gift cards and the check they sent bounced.
First I was contacted on 8/4 through text offering me a job based on my resume that met their job qualifications on Indeed. I was told to give my own information and that I would hear from a hiring manager. I was reached by two, but one by the name of Daniel         texted me and told me they wanted to interview me. I told them I was not available until the following Monday morning. Sunday morning 8/7 the interview was through messages only and it lasted for seven. They asked me a lot of personal information and hired me on the spot, then told me that they would send me a computer to work on and a check to pay for the software that needed to be installed. They handed me a document and asked me to sign the bottom to confirm my hiring and to send a picture of myself for  no security reasons too. They sent a check to my house on Wednesday 8/9 and my dad went to the bank to make sure it was legitimate and it was actually a flat check. I reported them after that and saved the entire conversation from all platforms.
When I changed my Twitter Status to "#opentowork", Reginald Ford contacted me through email asking me to connect with me. Mr. Ford Identified himself as a senior human resources officer at NASA and then offered me a position as a full stack engineer. We interviewed over Linkedin and said that he was going to forward my conversation to the head department. After 50 minutes I got the job and asked for my bank account number and ABA routing and transit number, which I then gave to him. He then said that they were going to make a payment for a mini office and that it would take a week for it to go through, after that I would start working. I then became suspicious and asked him what it is. He responded with a vague answer saying that it allows their employees to work comfortably. This morning (September 9, 2020) he deposited $189 into my bank account and said that I need to spend $159 of that money to purchase software from it's using it. I then became suspicious and called the police and they said that it's most likely a car. I'm currently trying to contact Ryan to return that money to the family  however I am having trouble finding the money.
I was called by Darla 	Darla Conner The email said: We discovered your name through an agency. Subsequent to some review, we concluded that you are a suitable applicant for our half-time work position of Quality Inspector taking into account your solid experience and thorough knowledge in the area. To learn more about the proposed duty assignment, please read over the given below information. Job type: half-time up to ten work hours per week. Wage: $2,500 /month plus expenses. Position requirements: - Knowledge of Microsoft Office and Adobe Voice Reader  - General computer experience  - Fundamental capability with electronics and appliances  - Physical capability to lift big postal boxes, which are low-weight  - Previous FedEx or USPS job-related experience is desired, but not necessary. You will need to ensure customer support, as well as carry postal orders, arrange them and ship to the Client. If you are interested in the offered work position, comply with the employment requirement and wish to be admitted into our responsible team, take your chance to respond to this email as soon as possible. Soon enough, you will get in contact with our City Manager to set up a job interview in the closest time. Best regards, Darla Conner.  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g .  My reply: Hello, I am responding to the application to apply for the position of Quality Inspector. I am interested in the position. When would you be free to have a phone conversation? Respectfully,  I   :  g  g  g  g  g  g  g .  - - Retrieved May 2, 2020, 4:21 PM (7 days ago) to me Thanks for showing interest in the Quality Inspector position. My name is Stefan Wesser. I am the Chief Manager from this, and I wish to share further information about the work at hand. We are seeking highly motivated individuals to work in our company. We are offering amazing salary with flexible schedule. All required instructions provided by our company for free. We ask that you read the job description attached carefully and consider whether this job truly fits you. Please complete the online Candidate Application. You may find the link inside the job description document. Once we receive your application form, company representative will contact you within 24-48 business hours. We wish you every success. Please let me know if you have any questions or I can provide any additional information. Kind regards Stefan Wesser : Manager  :  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g .  After I finished the application I was called by a man claiming to be Stefan Wesser. He said I would be hearing from me in a few days. Then on December 4th he sent me this: hr@zooksi.com hr@zooksi.com Attachments Fri, May 4, 1:08 PM (5 days ago) to me in .  We reviewed your candidacy and I am pleased to inform you that you have been approved for the position. We look forward to having you in our team. The primary responsibilities for this position are:  bull  Cooperation with international health services. Sending and receiving products.  bull  Examination of goods' condition, searching for visual defects or damage.  bull  Product accepting and processing. Ensuring compliance with customers' requirements.  bull  Taking photos of the product and posting them to web application.  bull  Filling out customs declaration. Documentation support.  bull  Informing team members and customers about work progress via web application. The first month of work will be a trial period for you, as well as a period of study. You'll learn all the aspects of work using our own panel and packages handling (testing, inspection, filling in inspection forms, sorting data, sending orders), etc. During the trial period, you will receive $20 per (received /checked / sent) parcel. Payment will be made once a week. b) After the probation period You will get $2,500, if will be processed less than 80 packages per month. If you will send more than 80 packages per month, you will get additional $40 per each extra shipped package. + $15 for each processed task (if you send it within 24-hours once you receive a shipping label) + ADDITIONAL REWARDS Also you will be able to purchase good for you and your family with sale up to 40%. We offer a comprehensive employee benefits program, including health, dental, and life insurance. You will be eligible for these benefits after you complete your one-month probation period. There is an Employment Agreement attached to this message, read it thoroughly, print, sign, put a date, scan or take a photo and email it at: hr@zooksi.com Attachment: Employment Agreement. Congratulations and welcome to this!! We look forward for hearing from you soon.  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  g  I filled it out (attached). Then I was sent a link to log on to the company's website. There was a sophisticated web website. There was a chat and a man asked me to complete employee registration so I could get started. I downloaded an I-9 and W-2. At this point, I became nervous. I called "Stefan Wesser" and found nothing. I went to the employee agreement which said that "This Ltd" is registered in New York. I called the Bureau of Corporations in New York. They said it was not registered with them. Next I called the New York County records office and they could not find it either. So, I did not fill out the employee registration paperwork. Instead I wrote emails to the guys and Darla. The Darla email came back "does not exist." No one responded to my emails to me. I called the phone number and it IS associated with you! I can even hit a certain button for a menu for employees. Then it says "press 2 for quality inspector" that is the job I was offered. I press "2" and then nothing happens. This is a very sophisticated game.
I saw the ad online about making extra cash on paper. I then got contacted via text. They sent out a check to me. I received a check for $3,200 from the Red Ribbon Soda company for a car wrap. They said you can make $500 a week for putting the car wrap on your car and they will send you the check to cover the wrap. They told me I'm not supposed to call them. I'm only supposed to text them. I got a text from them today saying they would report me to the FBI: "This seems to me that you want to run away with company money. While we have not heard from you. We will report you to the FBI and the local CIA. All of our conversation chain is being watched by the federal bureau. I have a cousin who works at the federal office. We will give you 24 hours to let us know that you have received the check." I called the FBI for help. I live in              .
I received an email from an  old called on right  after applying to the position via Indeed. I tried to contact her to verify the opportunity, and in doing so found that she did not work for the company that she claimed to. Further, after receiving some emails directly from the employer in stylized font, which looked odd, I attempted to contact them directly but their home number just continued ringing, and when I contacted the landlord associated with their NY address they stated that they had no tenants by the name of HV Group. Further, I had a friend visit the address of their Hong Kong HQ, and they don't exist at that location either. Last, after spending a week working on case studies for  the trainings, I was asked to give corporate access to my personal credit card so they could transfer funds (in excess of my cc limit) in order for me to purchase office equipment that I would store until they are ready to open an office locally.
Hi BBB, I figured I'd just c/p the email.  The subject title was my name which I posted on                    was An innovative US-based social enterprise is looking for reliable work-at-home employees to become a part of the shipping network. Duties: - Monitor the logistics account for new items from Monday to Friday time. - Stay available at your home or business address to accept packages. - Stores can come via UPS, USB, and USPS and contain everything from consumer electronics to home improvement items. - Inspect branded packaging for damage and bad photos. - Release products following the given comments. - Deliver the items to UPS offices send them using and by company shipping labels. Prerequisites: - Resident of the USA with a valid address and a vehicle. - Previous experience in Shipping is not mandatory, the company is ready to teach during the probation. - Ability to work with up to 25 lbs. Payment conditions: - During training period of the first month the employer pays $25 for every shipment. The number of packages will be around five per day. - After one month employees get promotion to a full-time contract with a salary of $3500 paid monthly. Finally,            
I answered an ad on Facebook for a data entry position making $22/hour.  I was contacted by Dawn Salter on video messenger and directed to local you.  Everything seemed awesome at first, even though it seemed a bit odd to be done through those pages.  I was speaking to someone who identified herself as Sandy Huard, who is in fact an employee of FSD Pharma.  I was told she would pay off my credit cards to allow me to purchase a One Vanilla Prepaid Visa card that would be used for the purchase of office equipment.  I had already given a ton of information during the "interview" and was ready to sign job paperwork.  She told me that she would tell me if I needed to sign paperwork.  This was a RED FLAG.  All jobs require hiring paperwork.  Upon further questioning, I was assured that everything would work out just fine.  This all seemed very strange to me.  After researching, the company is in fact real.. but this is a joke!!! I wish I hadn't given out any info, but I am glad I caught this before it went any further. Please watch out!
Received emails from 4 different email extensions, only one of which was associated with the domain for the website. Indicated that I was qualified for employment as a packing specialist. They haven't yet requested any money, but I am unable to find any information about them via Google, LinkedIn, or any other means. When I asked one contact why her email address did match the company domain, all communication stopped. At this point I'm only moderately concerned, as all they have is my name, address, and email, but I don't know what all they could do with that information.
So I saw a lot of stories about people getting paid having "companies" hire them to check items and report it, this "company" does the same, there's only 2 people that answers the phone call and I was offered 3000/month to work for them plus 30 dollars per package, I guess this has been going around, the number starting with 678 like all the other companies, don't trust anyone that calls you from 678.
1.	Tim Burr the CEO of Scopic Software (Company), MA based software development company was contacted on Sunday, September 6th, 2020 by a woman who reported (Reporter) that she was reached by someone pretending to the member of the Company (Member). 2.	The Reporter received a job offer from the company and passed through the interview. The Reported informed that the Scammer looked well and prepared the job offer documents using the Company's resources. 3.	After the Reporter passed the interview and accepted the job offer, the Reporter was requested to pay the price for $3,947,98 and $5,937.87, with payment details "Project funding". 4.	The caller used the following emails to contact the reporter: scopicsoftware823@gmail.com  kimberlybable@mail.com  srstevens1210@gmail.com. 5.	The Reporter was also reached on radio by the team. The player used the following profile: https://www.facebook.com/oriyomi.ladosha. 6.	The Reporter informed the Company that he reached other people as well asking to send money via Venmo, Cashapp, and Zelle. 7.	On September 8th, the Company received another email that reported that  a  . Someone email by the name of Scopicsoftware823@gmail.com is trying to pose as you.. 
I was contacted by email from a site that i have been job searching a text message was sent to my phone.  I was told to download the App WIRE for a interview.  Interview lasted 2 hours. i was told about their company and asked to go to website to briefly learn more about them, no specific information found on site about what they do.  His name was William Gavin, said that in 3 months their would be an office in Memphis. for now I would work from home.  I did send my email, phone, month and date of birth and address.  He ask if I what bank did i bank with for pay purposes and i gave a different bank.  He then after the questions, said that they were looking over my resume and that i had the job, that i would get a offer packet on tomorrow at 9, i asked about benefits.  he said after 1 month i would eligible.  He sent a list of software that would be required. he said they would provide the laptop.  I asked do your company cover any of the software and equipment, he then said yes. the pay for operations was $25 per hour, during 1 week training for my position I would get paid $20. I gave them references, they never called. At first he said my Employment agreement letter would be returned to me by the end of the day, and to send a copy of my government ID.  Training would be on line in order to get accounting software all equipment will be purchase from a third party company that they have used for many years. materials will be stamped to my name with company logo and sent  to me via FedEx or USPS. The vendor will install software. THE CATCH  TO ME WAS: . he said, " that before i start work you will receive a payment and you will be using this payment to set up you mini office by purchasing accounting software plus the shipment logistics cost because you will be needing these necessary software to start work. The check will cover all your working supplies needed to start Training and Orientation session.  All I need to do when i get the start up check is: deposit it into my checking account.. Funds would be made available for withdraw with 24 hours or less once deposited, Note: you are a to the vendor whom is the shipping agent we have buy from for many years AND MEANS of payment is VIA Walmart to Walmart or Bank Transfer/Cash Deposit which i will be providing you the vendors information you will be using in purchasing the software." When I said that I will not be placing checks into my personal account, a company as large as Invesco should have a separate account set up for office material and setup. there should be a company card. He tried to tell how easy it would be to deposit through my bank ATM near me or online mobile app.  he said when the check has been issued he would tell me of the tracking. I said i would deposit it in an account under Invesco, he stated deposit it under the bank that i told him i had an account with. i stated I would not be using any of my personal accounts, asked if they have a business account he Never answered.  Then He asked can i pay for the equipment and be sure?.  I said absolutely NOT.     He said I understand.  then changed and said "You be receiving your offer letter tomorrow" bad grammar and all.  I pray that the information that they have will not cause me to be a victim of A SCAM OR FRAUD.
They will offer you a job and for 30 days you will receive no pay. Then they will update the website and change phone numbers and company names
I was suppose to get paid $500 a week to put a wrap on my pickup  for Full Metal Energy Drink.  I received a check for  $4,580.00, was suppose to  deposit in my personal account immediately.  No other account or cash checking store. They said it would clear in a few  hours. I was to take $500 out and a extra $100 to cover cost of gas. I was suppose to get the rest back  to a Kenneth Robbson. If I have completed this in 48 hours or less,  I qualify  for  a $500 gift card bonus
My son's girlfriend is trying to find work from home jobs, which would allow her to work with the children during the school day due to COVID-19.  The company she described does not sound like a real company because they have varying information. The information she gave stated she spoke with someone and she gave them her personal information.  A few things triggered questions for me.  She would talk to applicants and the applicants would get an email (email address) to participate in a meeting.  When I joined the company the  pictures did not look business like nor did they seem very professional.  The address and phone number did not match. Address 11410 N Avenue,  Miami Florida.  She stated she saw them on stage under the name KO Recruiting.  You may contact me directly at qemack104@gmail.com  This is just not right.  I don't want to be on camera, I just want this fake company to be shut down.  She has very little as it is and this is just not right.
I was contacted by this company to deliver packages I thought it was best because they made a live portal for working and receiving packages and asking labels to transfer them.They also told me to pickup packages form certain pickup location from stores like best buy and then to pay me extra money.I didn't know about this man Until today when I researched about the case from working from home online through his website. I have delivered very few packages so far. As i was concerned how it's going to be. And they offer $1200 monthly plus $40 bonus for each package.I'm very concerned about this as I have given my social security number and also my State ID and Bank Information details. I really want to reach out about this problem and get them off my back to make me to ship more packages. And I don't want to be involved with any criminal charges from this so please help me out to resolve this case.
I received this text .  You have applied for that for here,packet for your first assignment will be delivered tomorrow. Kindly text on 484-378-0887 to confirm you have received this text message. David Murphy..  And then two days later I received this text.  Your  Packet for your class first assignment has been delivered to your email address. Wanna check around and text on ?(484) 378-0887? to confirm you have received it. Thanks David Murphy.  I went and got a priority mail white envelope out of my wallet that had an instruction paper and a check for $1995.00! And decided to look it up before I paid the check! A lot of the reports went off as soon as I looked it up and I will attach a picture of the instructions they sent with the check.
Received a text message stating the seeking data entry clerk with a link to a few forms to input personal data. I never respond to these and this one I fell for and I am not sure why. I was probably half asleep or out of it but I did provide my personal data in the form. I hope there is a way to catch this person. Anyone know what they do with personal data?
I got a text message from 727-819-6794, a person identifying himself as Mr. Paul Davidson. He said he was the Head Coach for ATA Engineering, Inc. He said he got my resume from Career Builder and was offering me a Customer Service job. If I had interest, please confirm by reading PROCEED. I then was asked to connect using Google chat app to the hiring manager.O, at hiringmanager.deck411@gmail.com. After connecting with Mr. Harrison, he proceeded to ask me very legitimate questions regarding jobs available at ATA Engineering, Inc. I got on their website: www.ata-e.com and it was a legitimate company. After recruiting me for the job he said I would be sent an offer letter via email but in the meantime he needed more information from me so they could send me money to buy office supplies to start the new job. That is when I got suspicious and called ATA Engineering, Inc. in San Diego, CA. They said it was a trap and they had reported them to the FBI.
I got contacted by this company Cosmic Couriers after filling out an application on indeed. I had a phone Interview and was hired on the spot. I started receiving packages to inspect and inspected them and handed them out. I started July 24th I was supposed to receive my first payment but have yet to get it. All the managers are not answering and now my number number is blocked.
highwaycourier.com offers available positions on websites such as Indeed.  The role requires the employee to receive documents, verify contents, and re-pack, re-label, and re-ship the package.  After a probation period of 30-days, the employee is to receive their first payment.  Salary is $3K per month, and the employee uses their own vehicle, fuel, and productivity equipment (laptop, printer, ink, etc...).  After shipping dozens of packages during the probation period, the phone numbers for highwaycourier.com were no longer working.  E-mail were not returned.  Attempts to reach the employer are unsuccessful.  Payment for services rendered was never received.  highwaycourier.com utilizes a physical address of 43441 Ave.  Jacksonville, FL 32207, which belongs to an unrelated company Priority Couriers.
Text from pa7593014@gmail.com . Currently, part time Mystery Shoppers, earn 750.00 bi-weekly + Gas $. Provide Full Name, Address, and .  Email(No more!) for details to get started  with -I replied with my name and address.  - - I then received an email from mathpkns@yahoo.com  and  her is our emails back and forth before I stopped email him back. I deleted my name and address from them.  The First email to  Secret Customer Group  is presently recruiting a "limited" number of workers on contract basis. POSITION TITLE: Regional Mystery customer AVAILABILITY: Open START DATE: Immediate COMMISSION: Per Survey Hello I acknowledge the rest of your details My name address and phone# You will be evaluating any nearest bank Western Union,money gram and a et stores in your neighborhood. The store must be around your neighborhood. Kindly look for any of the above near you which you will be evaluating. Confirm to us if you have gotten the store you have chosen to evaluate while you reply to this email. Please note that you are to act cool, calm and confident and not reveal any clue concerning the survey throughout the period which you will be carrying out your survey at the Bank and stores, in order not to raise any suspicion. You will be waiting in the bank and at the store and also make a transaction at the Western Union service. You will write a report about their customer services given out at the store (effectiveness, efficiency etc) and you will send your report back to us via Email. You will have to use the following items to prepare your report : 1) How long it took you to  withdraw from your account 2) Ambiance/Outlook of the Bank 3) Training of the staff 4) Customer service professionalism 5) Reaction of personnel under pressure 6) Information that you think would be helpful 7) Your comments and impressions. 8) Always note down the time while you are taking your survey The same applies for the western union, money gram and dollar stores Acknowledge this email so that we can move on. Please reply to us all. M.  : My reply.  Hello. So yes I have a Western Union right around the corner from me and the money gram Is inside are local dollars. And since I'll be in charge I can do them too. What do I need to do next. And I don't think I read anything about how much I would be earning to do this and do I need to pay for anything different? If so how long does it take To be sure the amount I spent. Thank you for your time, Awaiting your reply, Sir, My name  is Email #2 Your  Secret Customer Bureau  is presently recruiting a "limited" number of workers on contract basis. POSITION TITLE: Regional Mystery customer AVAILABILITY: Open START DATE: Immediate COMMISSION: Per Survey My name, Top of the day to you hope you are good. Please note that payments will be transferred to the account provided by you or a check, as soon as you confirm your full account detail or know a Western Union store to evaluate. the funds to be wired to the account will contain payment for your compensation and transportation fee and the payment you will use to carry out your survey at the stores, 10% of the funds received will be your compensation. All other instructions will be sent out to you as soon as evaluation continues. Re Confirm the following detail Account Name: Account Number: Routing Number: Bank Name: Is there a Western Union or money gram outlet nearby to your place(reply with a YES or NO): At least check your mail 3 times daily and compare below information Please if there is a change in any of the info below let me know. My name address and phone # Please reply to us all. Best Regards M M Hopkins Secret Customer.  2010-2020 The information contained in this email and any documents is confidential and may be subject to copyright or other intellectual property protection. If you are not the intended recipient, you are not authorized to use or receive this information, and we request that you contact us by reply mail or telephone and remove the original message from your mail system  " My reply reads  Hello again. A am so wanting to do this but something is telling me that this may be a trap. I have been married before so I hope you understand why I'm being cautious. Is there any way I can get some links to web pages to verify this is real and or maybe a phone number of headquarters. I just feel I shouldn you t give out my bank information without everyone on your side. Thank you so much for understanding... I would feel 100% safer using PayPal or something like Venmo. Awaiting your reply, Sir, My name  is Email #3 To  Re:  Follow up on your part time customer assessment job Hello My name I acknowledge the presence of your email and understand your request but note at no time will you be asked to use money from your pocket all funds for the survey will be provided by us. Below is a link i hope it will help https://evaluationworld.wixsite.com/website Regards M Hopkins
I was offered a job. I had an over the phone interview and was given a company website for information. I was asked to train daily and I would be given different tasks. They needed my bank account information and they deposited funds that were supposed to be investment money which ended up being wasted. I no longer have access to the company site.
I was contacted by a person saying she represents a company named Blue Wealth LLC. I was told she saw my application on Indeed and she needed a response, she even wanted a link to some interview questions. After that she sent me a job offer via email that seemed to good to be true. She said she I was goingna be making $25/hour or $950 a week and that I would be receiving an advance on my pay for the first week and an additional check for almost $1500 to run some laps and pay some plane tickets and hotel reservations. That's when I felt that was a red flag and decided to report it so that no one can fall into a trap like this.
From a message board at the Media Matters for America website (emphasis from original): "???????????????????? and????????????????????? I am making over $100 a month working part time. I stored being sent to different human beings inform me how much money they are able to make on line so I decided to look into it. well, it turned into all actual and has completely modified my life. that is what I do....-!~!~!~!.GOOD LUCK? SEE HERE....topbestjob.com" My concern is that the earnings claim of "over $100 a month" is a little too exaggerated  further, my concern is that such may target vulnerable persons as lost work because poverty, and may be unlikely to return to the labour market.
From a message board on the Media Matters for America website (emphasis from original): "  STAY AT HOME  and  WORK AT HOME   Start making money this time... Spend more time with your family  and  relative by doing jobs that only require for you to have a computer and an internet access and you can have that at your home. Start bringing up to $5 to $700 a month. I've started this job and earn handsome income and now i am exchange it with you, so you can do it too. You can check it out here............www.online103.com" My concern here is that such an offer as this may target especially vulnerable persons as lost work because of the crisis and, hence, may be unable to return to normal work. Also note the manipulation of the potential earnings amounts, a clear sign that we may have a lead here.
Spotted in a message board at the Media Matters for America website: "I am making a good salary from home $500/week, which is amazing, under a year ago I was working in a horrible economy. I thank God every day I was blessed with these instructions,Definitely a try...., Copy Here.................?.FlySalary.Com?" I have serious doubts about such an offer as this, particularly as it's likely to target vulnerable persons as may have lost past employment to COVID-19 and may be unlikely to return to employment under current circumstances.
I signed up for a campaign to wrap my car for Dr. Pepper. It seemed like a fast way to make some quick cash, which I needed. I received a banker's check in the mail for $2,755.00. The return address on the envelope was from a car shop so it seemed like it was perfectly connected. I sent an email to the address listed on the instructions that were in the envelope. I asked all the questions I had and received no response. Per the instructions attached to the check, I deposited the money and sent a copy of my deposit account (without my bank information exposed) to the number that was listed (304) 250-9639. Immediately, they asked me to send the money via mail to the store. I asked a lot of questions about why I wasn't going in to a shop for installation. The male on the other end responded with talk about using a private number that comes to me. When the initial PayPal payment didn't go through immediately, they deleted it and gave me another account to try. This automatically seemed logical to me. I kept receiving text messages pressing me into making the funds available immediately so we could move onto the next steps. I made it very clear that there was nothing I could do and the funds were gone. They found the money in total and continued to ask me to send it again and make sure it was available for immediate use. I was receiving calls  and  texts at all hours of the morning  and  night, from 5 - 9pm. I finally blocked the phone number. That's when I received an email from the address I had initially reached out to. It wasn't in response to my initial email though, it was more harassment to answer my phone. I didn't respond. They started using other phone numbers. I blocked them as well. After 3 days of ignoring  and  blocking all phone numbers that I didn't recognize, I received a text at home on a Sunday morning threatening that I better not be trying to steal company funds and company authorities would handle it next so I should never think I'm safe. I responded to the email I had received. I stated that I would return the original money during regular business hours, I've looked up all of their phone numbers and found them on par with the bureau and I've contacted the proper authorities to report misconduct and harassment. They responded immediately with an apology for behaviors so far and stating they don't want to get in trouble. This was followed by 2 more emails stating that I need to make the funds available immediately and I need to split the payments so it works. This is ridiculous  and  makes me absolutely sick to my stomach. I'm changing all of my information and closing my accounts. I can't believe there are people that do this.
I was offered a job that I found on Indeed for a Stay at home office assistant position. The pay was to be $500 weekly, and they informed me they'd send a check for $2950, $2450 went to  buy equipment if  necessary for the job. They had me Apple Pay another individual  to Wanda said. I was then called a day later to be informed the check was full and I am not almost $3000 dollars in the hole.
received an offer to wrap my car from Scott was an Auto Wrap Campaign Manager for Aquafina

The game used two names. The second one was a and Rose while the drivers license picture sent to me was of Rose Christine Burgio. A second post was made offering a job at AETNA insurance for 17 dollars an hour as a customer service job or a Data entry position. There are a LOT of photos of all of the evidence and conversations but I can only spot one photo. Contact me for the rest. She/he must be stopped.
Claims they are a mystery shopping company. After you do the mystery shopping requested saying you will be married they say you owe them money immediately by western union or green dot card. They say otherwise you are going to jail if you don't pay immediately with one of these methods while using foul language. I wish to remain anonymous. This is embarrassing enough to know I was taking advantage of.
This company is a firm asking for you checking account they supposedly provide you with a job. Also give you money to get a laptop, iPhone, chat machine and other items.  What you do is start providing information through WhatsApp the number they gave me was 979-484-7027.  Se pictures attached.
I was contacted through email that my resume was approved online by a private company named Sitel Group. The company is not at fault here however, the owner was using the company's name to appear legitimate. They contacted me and told me to message someone by the name of Michille Cyrus on some pages. I was given a "certification code" and told to message this person back. After meeting this person, they proceeded to conduct an online "interview" with the intentions to learn my name and address to send me an illegal check. I was "hired" by this company and was given a position, a time to start and a weekly salary. Then I was asked what bank I use so that they can "check" their companies records to see if it fits with their payment lists. After that, they then told me that they will send me a check for the equipment I was going to be using for the job. I received the check a few days later and it was clear that this was a deal. The check had no indication that the company had written or sent it. It was under a random law firms name. It also came with a note telling me to text a number to be "authorized" in order to deposit the check. I never deposited the check after realizing that it wasn't their money nor was it my money.
Wrap World Autos co-creator Jimmy Warren said he would pay me $450 a week salary for 3 months to get an energy drink on my car. The check came in the mail  $4450, which was $4000 over. Then I was instructed to get gift cards for the car sale. After I purchased gift cards and gave the card numbers, the check bounced and now I'm out $4000 and $47 in bank fees. The replacement check that was sent to me was different also. My checking account is now in the negative. He also wanted me to purchase a top versa check paper download on email and print a check for my next weeks pay. I didn't do it. He said to send money to cash app Victoria Jones $10 through Zelle to yaytee101.gmail.com Yetunde or send it to 32hps71PNEtNPWCwP95S3bYFD8Jj7bKtF2.
I almost got asked for a contract position in advertising. The whole process was so quick, all within about a week. They wanted me to fill out personal information including my before even being able to review the contract, despite me requesting it to review more than once. And they wanted me to share personal documents via video before even starting. They also said that they were sending a laptop before I even signed anything. They seemed like very legitimate companies (I'm not sure if those companies are real or if the owners are posing as these companies), and were professional, but no employer would request these things before anything was reviewed and signed. And the agency was supposed to do a video call with me for the interview, but both people on the other end didn't show their faces, just their voice...."technical difficulties". One person did eventually video chat with me after I had requested it and she was very nice and seemed like she knew what she was talking about, but then I got sent the link to fill out all my personal info. And they just kept adding more and more people to email strings to try and contact me I think. And nothing was set up, no meetings were set to meet with the team or review any projects or tasks, I didn't even get any type of schedule or start time.

 Received an email from a "reporter" to let me know that my resume from indeed.com fit what they were looking for at the GEA group. They then wanted me to add "autodesign008@gmail.com" to my online contacts list for an initial job description and potential interview. Added the email and had a text interview. I got the job after a 20 min session (conversation is attached). They said they would send me check to set up my in home office and for supplies. They told me I had to sign the next day, which was a Saturday at six. I told my family about the new job and they said it sounded nice. Looked into it further and figured out it was a trap. 
I applied online for a Starbucks job and the website had the Starbucks logo and said it was Starbucks. Then I immediately received a phone call and some lady pretended to be Starbucks, and asked if I wanted to take advantage of Starbucks' higher education as well as apply and I said yes. Then she connected me to some other person and the other person spoke like a woman and not anything like me or a university counselor, and so I asked if this was for the free higher education, and the lady said no, this is not free, and I said the lady who connected us told me it was Starbucks' free education program, and the lady said no, it is s not. And I said well please take my number off your list. Then a few minutes later I got a call from the first office, called, that the supposed Starbucks lady had worked for, a number based in Culver City (Los Angeles) California, and some man who was completely oblivious started a fire, and I said  like Excuse me, there was a mistake, take me off your list and don't call me again- -  and the man growled in my ear . No, you listen to me!.  And I repeated  to Take me off your list! Do not call me again!.  And he was . Oh or whoa- But  at that point I was so frustrated by the scheme and the act itself that I hung up the phone. Since then, I have received numerous phone calls a day from reporters both from that same office and from other ones. I have also received more emails every day, many per day. I used to never get that, because my email address is kind of new and I only use it for real job applications, and never for anything else online. But now I get many more emails a day and about two or three calls every day.
He called me said i would get a 500$ every week to promote a so they gave me a check wanted me to deposit it and send the rest to a specialist for them to put the wrap on my car
I responded to an job posting on Indeed for a position with a company called Wipro. I applied using my Indeed resume. The company contacted me by phone and set up an interview. A reporter was the person calling to schedule it. I was contacted by this woman who conducted an interview and even had another person on the line as a second interview. After the interview I reached out to the computer and asked for the woman's email, so I could thank her. He said that he had already spoke to her and it went well and I could expect an offer the following week. The manager called back to make me an offer and it was the high end of the pay listed. He started asking me questions that he should have already had the answer to. What was my address? Who was my current employer? Then he asked my birth date. The question that made me wonder how real this was when he asked me where I was born. I then started looking in to this company by typing in Wipro Scam. There is was. The whole scenario laid out for me. I tried calling them number of the person that called for the interview...it gave me a message that the person was unavailable. The computer sent me a link to the company and program called for and said I had to fill in all the info on the first try. It immediately asked for a password...I used one I would not use anywhere else. It then started asking me more employment questions, which were all on my application. I closed the program and when I hit the link again it gave me an error message. The TV program had several unfinished sentences, distorted photos, and missing words. I then contacted the computer to ask where the office was located in my city. He said, "I don't know. I will find out and get back to you." With all the red flags I'm sure this is a show just like it was outlined on the internet.

He introduced himself as Amos Jackson as one of the hiring member of the firm ELITechGroup and said your resume was reviewed via Workintexas.com and by the human resources of their company I met the requirement and would be interviewed with Mr. Aaron Piercing. Position: Customer services Rep/ Front Desk, Data entry/ Project Manager. The interview will be conducted online and it is way faster. Do you have phone or email account? To download photos and add recruiter.elitech.g@gmail.com. Then he said Aaron King was ready to interview me on Monday. His number says maybe: Amos Jackson talked about job requirements asked a little about me. Sent me info about ELITechGroup and hours I would be working with a good benefits package and that the job is strictly online and offered training. Offered to send a check to pay for equipment and software asked if I had a laptop and printer 3 in 1 he says I am required to stay online for 5 to 10 minutes and that he needs to forward the conversation to the head of department to see if I qualify for the job. Then he says congratulations I got the job he would send me the equipment through them along with the tax form and that they take taxes out. Then he said to report to him at 8am for an update about the check and soon to be assigned duties.
On August 28, 2020, Ruth Webber from Pennsylvania posted on an email group that there were job positions in Liveops Company for work-from-home Customer Care and Data Entry Specialists. I go the website: https://t.me/liveopscompanyy and get in touch through Telegram Messenger with Thomas Stokes Robert, their Hiring Manager, Cell: +1 (304) 460 5853 @liveopscompanyy. He asks me questions and tells me about their company and all the benefits, their company pays $20/hour. I get hired. He asks me for my Facebook account to log into the laptop they will be sending in order to conduct business. I give them my home address to receive the laptop since it would be needed to conduct business as a Customer Care Representative. Mom sends me a picture of the Apple Mac Pro Air that is assigned to me. I create a new user account and I checked that it was signed on from an iPhone, in Secaucus, New Jersey. Thomas Stokes Robert talks to their accountant to prepare a check from L  and  K1, 190 North Oval Road, Columbus, OH 43210 a Chase check # 746439 of $1800 dated 8/28/2020 for software materials that I would be purchasing from their vendor, Kasandra Miller at millerkasandra@yahoo.com, Cell: +1 (682) 262 0856. I ask Thomas if I should deposit their issued check into a new bank and he invites me to deposit it into my bank account. While waiting for the check to clear, Thomas asks me to send money to the Kasandra Miller, the vendor of software materials. I was resistant to send money since only partial of the $1800 was cleared. I send through Zelle: Kasandra Janssens millerkasandra@yahoo.com reflected on my account statement as: K Janssens ($500), Venmo/PayPal: Millerk and Cash app: $kassymiller96 instead of 100 and 200, Thomas instructed me to go to the nearest Wallmart (he spells it that way) and deposit $500 to Kasandra Miller with Visa card # 4403 9327 8400 7295 - 7668 06/25. Thomas asks me to send it to "Family and Friends", telling me that the company will hire me etc. etc. My bank blocks my account. Thomas insists that I send $100, $50 even $95 through Paypal, Cash app, Venmo and Zelle. Good thing my bank catches the leak and blocks my account. He suggests that I use my       'scam or borrow money from him to pay the  card vendor rent. He tells me to clear up my bank and go to college and pay $1000 or to go to my bank and send $1000 to Kasandra Miller: Sutton Bank Routing # 041 215 663, Account # 13 415 7689 5012. I was very worried that my checks were going to bounce since the $1800 wasn't fully cleared by their accountant and he said it would be cleared first thing Monday morning, it wasn't. He asked me to send $1000 because the money I sent through Zelle wasn't cleared, I insisted it was, and he sends me a list from the "vendor" Kassandra Janssens Miller of names of people I didn't know, and I ask Thomas what it was, and he says my name wasn't on the list just                     ,            ,              . I decided to reach out to these people and one responded that she sent $1700. The person never received the materials they promised for her to start working from home and never contacted her after they got her money. I suggested that she report the case to her local police and other websites. December 2, 2020 the check L  and  Kr. issued to me  to Return Deposited Item Refer to Maker $1,800 with a fee of $15. Right now, my account is empty! Zelle account is blocked, when I called them through my bank, Zelle denied my claim for payment since the person I paid to is a real then  that means it's already a loss of $500. I am unable to do any transactions, even to buy gas, I am unable to use my card. I have been to the bank, I have been on hold for three hours So much disruption and degradation these mysterious men have caused. I am getting non-stop calls/messages from Thomas Stokes Roberts. I never answered back after meeting the other victims. I am being charged with non-stop calls. I blocked all calls and deleted Telegram messenger from my phone since he was calling since 7am. I get a text message from Kasandra Miller + (682) 262 0856 that their  new Hiring Manager also  needs me back on Telegram, he has some important news for me. I feel like I'm being abused and threatened. I reported this Fraud to my local              LAd. Case #        . Officer ID#  .         . And to FTC
I received 2 emails from 2 different people offering a work at home handling an employment opportunity on 9-2-20 and 9-3-20. There were no phone numbers or email addresses given to contact the alleged business just individual contact email addresses which were different. Tried searching online for the business and their physical address part of the address is real but no visible sign of the business there on Google maps or anywhere online. Attached a copy of 2nd email I received. Assumed right away with the 1st email this was a fake and did not attempt contact.
This company contacted me via  our Zip Recruiter who  claiming to have a job opportunity, sent me employee documents, a $1900 check for my  new software equipment so  that I was then required to Zelle to their vendor. When I asked them why wouldn't they just send me the equipment they got super defensive, and no longer were talking to me.
I responded to an ad to be a secret manager for him. By FedEx, today I got a Secret Survey assignment letter and a check for $4500. I am to confirm I received the package via text to 954-546-4360. My first assignment is to evaluate stores selling Nike gift cards. I can keep $500 for my pay. I am supposed to buy $4000 worth of Nike gift cards, then gently remove the silver from the back of the cards, and capture images of the cards. Under no circumstances am I to acknowledge I am doing a secret survey. I am to email my report to walmartevaluation@gmail.com. Letter signed by Doe James, Re Dennis Belushi. The check is written against Franklin Mint Federal Credit Union, Chaddsford, CT.
I received a text message that said, this is all regarding your resume on CB. We have a couple of questions to possibly schedule an online interview. call back 949-421-6263. I didnot know what SLD was before receiving a random text. Looks like from the research ive done they get you in a "interview" but is really a seminar and want you to pay at the end.

I put my resume on career builder and they texted me. Did a interview on local pages. He told me i was hired and that they would send a check to my residence to buy computer software. They told me that a mini office would also be made available to me to work from home. They also mentioned that they would open branches near me. He told me it was $15 dollars an hour for training and then $35 dollars an hour after i start.
This job promises 18$ an hour. Also, they claim to provide funds, PTO, etc. They will give you orientation. They promise to time travel and all that. I was told I would spend three nights in bed on their side. No one communicated any information to me. They barely answer the phone and call at weird hours. They claim to have a Human Resources department but they don't have a phone number. All they have is an email. When I asked for the email to me they denied providing it. I filled out all my personal info for them including my job and financial information. I'm worried that they will steal my identity and financial information. I tried to get clarification and they didn't give me any and hung up on me. It's like I killed them. They claimed he would reach out to me. They restricted access to all my employment accounts including my PAYCOR. Which is how we edit our direct deposit. The company is up to something no good and I want to stop them before they steal from me or anyone else.
I applied to this job through indeed, and I figured something wasn't right because they weren't getting my pay set up, and mentioned it would be set up after the month trail period was up. I was told I would get paid $2500 at the end of the month and receive $25 for every package I shipped off. Before I started working for the "company", I researched on the federal bureau's page to see that it's a secret and others have been through what I'm going through. Look, I didn't spend money on the company or give them any of my account information or, but they do ask for you to submit your licenses to them before you can get started.
Received a text message acting as if the person knew me  and  had a job opening and wanted me to click on an attached link.
Please!  Received an employment opportunity for a customer service position paying $55/hr(us) for part time work.  Company is Remer Group SRL.  Looked silly at first, but I thought it sounded appealing.  Sent my resume, and set up an interview.  I got a phone call from the phone number on the job description confirming my availability on site.  Got a phone call, they had connection issues, texted me their home address, and had me contact them.  The person had issues with their camera and had to leave.  He was said to be Donald Obrien at the same phone number.  He confirmed I was a person and said we were moving to the next step, via text.  Haven't heard anything since, and I tried to call the #, got no answer.  They made me feel very uncomfortable.
Receiving constant emails since putting my resume on Career builder for this "company" to claim they will send me packages to send right back out. Email context below - If you are looking into building your career at home, we (United Logistics Company) have a new job opening. The advancement in online marketing and international package delivery is now opening  great opportunities for everyone who wants to stay home and at the same time have stable income. Quality Control Inspector is another great position which offers fixed monthly salary of $2,800 plus a bonus of $40.00 for each successful package sent. That is an average income of $4,000.00 per month. If you are interested to apply for this position, kindly respond to this email with following info: 1 First name,  Last name 2 Address, city, state 3 Cell phone 4 Home phone 5 Email address 6 Are you already employed? You will then receive a call from our Home Department for the interview to start the trial period. (NOTE: message with incomplete information might not be accepted by our IT department) The company provides free training and around the clock support for dedicated staff members. Friendly and always ready to assist someone will walk you through the entire work process. Feel free to contact us in case if you have any question or concerns. Thanks! Regards, HR Department
Received a message saying: It's day 2 and we need 4 or more people on our work at home team. Make $600/day paid out every Friday! Claim your seat: (listed website in contact info above)
It may have been a job I applied for on indeed, or the emails where "customers" get your info and make job offers. The email used is a weird one: Blackho  notifications-767@app.bamboohr.com. They told me to interview via Google Hangouts, which I thought was video, but turned out to be a real interview (text). They instantly hired me and told me to purchase "work from home equipment through a trusted vendor". They sent me a check to pay for it and told me to let them know when it is deposited and to send photos to confirm. Luckily, my bank (Navy Federal Credit Union) was able to spot it, as they have seen this car before so they denied the deposit. I blocked the door.
They offered him a job as a "Package Inspector" from home that would pay $1,200 per month plus a bonus of $40 per package, so more around $2,500 a month. He worked and received and sent out packages for a month but when Monday rolled around he could no longer log into his account and Everytime he called his'managers' or the company it would just ring and hang up or ask for his name and number they would get back to him. He gave them front and back copies of his social, driver's license, his personal info, the account and routing number to our bank for first deposit. They even had him fill out a Tax Form.  We have multiple new bills coming in this month and we're both fresh from school and don't know what to do. He's had to go to the police and file a report and they said for him to destroy any packages he has left and he is still receiving packages for expensive things.
Offered a job via text. Instructed to contact Rhea Althea through the Earth. She gave me the "author's" overview and asked 11 interview questions. Instructed to report back before 8 AM the next morning. When I did I was "hired" and then told to contact my "manager" through another common thread.Very suspicious as I had had expected at least a video call for an interview and Rhea Althea then called herself here. When I first contacted him he did not respond for and entire day until I told her/her via phone. He responded and gave me the "no" and responded positively when I asked a question. Told me i would receive a check for my job expenses in the mail which rang off again for me. wanted me to sign an offer letter he sent via email and would not respond further until I told him I had done so and sent them back when I did not actually do so. I wanted to test him. After telling him so, he promptly responded back and then I confronted him about the name and identity.
Please verify that follow company Boscolo Group  is in the US and the form to start employment is not a secret. I have not applied to this job though the offer is becoming more realistic each day I don't respond.  Since I am unemployed in Japan, I need to record the job offer but I can not confirm this company exists in the USA. What happened: 8/18/2020 - I applied for a job in Bluffton, SC via a job offer at Linked In.  The link took me to the company and I completed the application for the job.  But to get to the website I had to go through two extra websites: Nexxt.com and ConstructionJobForce.com.  I will be more throughout next before clicking the link. I am concerned because these websites don't work like In or Indeed. One week later, 8/25/2020, I got an email from Adriana         at Boscolo INC.  They informed me of a possible position and asked if I could interview for the job.  I gave them a time without realizing that they posted my home city as Bluffton, SC which is no my resident city. 8/26/2020: No one called me at the appointed time.  So I looked at the emails and noticed the return address different from the received address.  At that point I stopped all communicated. A report about the emails was filed with the FC, I can provide information in needed. 8/27/2020: The following day I received an email for a work with company, Irvine, CA, doing Composite Design work. The Structure Company, Ravi Singh, Parts Fabrication-Composite Technician Job.  (1-469-343-      This is clearly the wrong state and I am not qualified for Composite design.  This may be a real link but I did respond because of some remarks online about the 1-469-343-1 number. 8/31/2020 Adriana         at Boscolo Group called me.  Now the emails were more descriptive.  One of them included a link to a Form Form but no Company Website. Email signature: Group Manager Adriana         Date: 478-219-      - Group I can not find the company, the person or any job description with LinkedIn.  There are other company's with Boscolo listed but nothing with Boscolo Group.  They have my First Name, Last Name, Cell phone and personal email.
The company contacted me via text about a job offer from Kaplan,Inc. Explaining that the job pays $15/h for training, then $30/h afterwards for an Administrative Assistat/Data Entry position.  She then directed me to communicate via Skype stating the position was work-from-Home and they would cover the costs of the equipment.   They are very good, they actually use the real company website and even give you links to the company to see different environments.   They ask you a bunch of job related questions with some personal questions like phone carrier and bank used.   Be very careful!!
I applied for a quality control job via Indeed. I was contacted via email regarding the position and was asked to send some personal information after being given a FAQ and job description. The job involved receiving packages and doing quality control operations and then sending the packages to the end customer. I was asked to fill out a question in lieu of a formal interview. After this step, I was sent a job offer and asked to create an account for a control center account. Here I was again requested for some personal information including drivers license and direct deposit info. It was at this point I realized something may be missing and did some research on the case.
First I got contacted through my email saying they found my resume off of an employment site like ziprecruiter or indeed. They act as if they are genuinely trying to help people during these times and knowing half the world is shopping online right now, it made sense.... they had made good communication and answered any questions on the spot. They walked me through the hiring process, sent a training video then directed me to their online portal with a name and password to log in, simple and easy. Here you s the websites... https://parcel-service.net/user/login.php Training video: http://u.pc.cd/tIertalK I then started receiving packages that week and was promised to get paid by the end of the 30 day holiday period. They have you order free packing boxes off all 3 shipping companies Once you receive a  new task request  you accept it and a tracking number is provided through ups, ups, or more After receiving a package you're supposed to open it, go on the portal mark off  you received to  took a picture making sure nothing was damaged, press  your request shipping label order, print it, and SHOW UP IN STORE AND STAND THERE THINKING YOU'RE GETTING PAID WHILE YOUR ON CAMERA COMMITTING A CRIME!!!!!!! IN YOUR OWN NAME!!!!! After the 30 day vacation period comes to an end, you expect to get paid... all communication gets cut! emails, phone numbers, text messages, you can't log in to the portal anymore.. nothing!
I received a text message offering me a position as Executive Administrative Assistant with                                    whom I asked where they found my information they said on ziprecruiter.com. I asked them to email me about the position, they wanted a job PDF, it looked legitimate and the person was very nice. The first day was fine, they sent me a signed form to fill out with a W2 and request for my ID. I sent the documents over and they said I can begin my training the next day. I received an email that my first task for my training is to write an essay on being an Executive Administrative Assistant and it would be timed. I finished, they said good work and then filed me a form to provide my bank information for direct deposit. I filled out the form and tried to email it back but my email bounced back with the message "Online Mail Returned to Home" this happened twice. I text my contact and let them know what was happening and they said they'll look into it but in the meantime text them the bank information, huge red flag. I went back to the emails they sent and it looked odd like someone had added characters to the email to make it look almost like what the real email would look like. I immediately locked down my credit reports. I went to Linkedin to see if the person who contacted me "              " was really with her, the page came up with that name but the picture was blurred and there was no information. I stopped all contact and blocked the person from calling me and reported them to me and the FTC. The scary thing is that everything looked legitimate until the email bounce. These people are relying on people's desperation in these trying times, people need to work and they are being exploited by these men.
Play was initiated through prayer. Then instructed to email resume, then had a Skype text interview with 20 questions. Then they said I got job and they would email me job offer at inc.masterkraft@gmail.com which was not a email listed on website. I was instructed to sign offer letter send my way. After this I realized it was a trap and stopped contact with them. The Skype audio called me and texted me trying to get a hold of me. If this transaction would of been completed he would of sent me a check he wanted me to deposit and give money to one of his vendors for my computer etc, but they would mail me computer etc.
Was hired by this company for a data entry administrative job.  Before i gave them any personal information, I inquired about their position as an employer. They responded with the following  : CryptoExploite, is an officially registered company with EIN Number: 93-0861601, Business Started in the year 2015, located in new town. we are currently reviewing our newly bought office property in new form which will be finished before the end of this year and will be visible on YouTube.  The company's system, including support service, works 24 hours, which means you are always welcome to contact our experts in case you have any questions. No. I was asked to provide account information to do direct deposit. They sent me a  good one time only to  hard copy check to buy supplies. I deposited the check and it appeared to have cleared my bank so I went ahead and bought the supplies.  They then contacted me and requested I transfer it so they can get the tracking number for the computer they would be supplying.  The even sent me a YouTube video to teach me how to do this. I performed the function. Apparently I did it so well, they sent me another even larger check. This got me suspicious so I refused it and told them I would only accept direct deposits. They asked me and told me it was  an already funded too. I continued to refuse. I called my bank to confirm the check was viable. This is when they told me it actually takes 7 business day for the full check clearing process to take effect. Ultimately, the check bounced and I have been chasing them for centuries. Phil Lee, my contact there, is  out checking with his accountant too.  The most recent communication he has asked if I had a Paypal account. I have again refused and will only accept direct deposit. All communications have been text or email. I have ALL communications if that will be helpful to your investigation.
They contact me for IMMEDIATE JOB OFFER INTERVIEW : CARLINUS GROUP This email from Farok@carlinusgroup.com. Interview over the radio app. Contact email evan@carlinusgroup.com They ask me about how I would like to receive payment. I mention my bank name, my name, and email address. They suppose to send a check to pay for my work-related expenses.
I put up my resume on a couple different platforms. I got contacted off of record through multiple different people regarding this position. They go by  the LOCAL POST..  First someone named Leon Calvillo (leon-calvillo@earnmio.com) part of the PR department (human.resources@local-postmail.com) asked that I reply with my name, address, cell number and asked if I was already employed. I didn't think anything of it being that it was a 'work-from-home-job/ anywhere..  After lunch, he explained a little bit of the hiring process and said I would hear from a supervisor. Someone by the name of Edward Perez (edward.perez@local-postmail.com) (720) 902-6070 contacted me and sent an agreement letter. This explained the job duties I would be performing as a  food quality control inspector..  They asked for my address again to confirm where packages would be sent and a copy of my license. I was then contacted by another person from  the Human Resources Group  - Linda Nicodemo (linda-nicodemo@local-postmail.com) (720) 902-6077 She was my manager. I thought, . For a remote company with communication skills! Great..  She provided her contact details and directions on how to use the car registration... it was slow sometimes when logging in. I started receiving packages the same week! EXPENSIVE PRODUCTS!!!! They said they monitored our log in where I was to log in 5 days a week before 9am and 2 more times throughout the day or pay would be paid. I spoke with these people on the phone. Through email. Weekly! They have a company address and warehouse address. Interview: Kate Prince (720) 902-6054 kate-prince@local-postmail.com Edgar Antonio (720) 902-6072 edgar.antonino@local-postmail.com There was one catch... some packages were required to be picked up IN STORE or AT UPS/FEDEX/ UP. This past Friday, August 28th, I was to pick up a laptop from BestBuy of Rockaway, NJ. Everything was fine until the guy behind the register told me it was canceled due to FRAUD!!!!!! I immediately contacted these people through email and told them to STOP sending packages. It's been constant harassment since and have even admitted to calling my emergency contact, MY MOM! I'm now receiving threats through email of legal action being taken and a police report being filed against me Below is a picture of the email I first received............
Once I received their email, I began my research into the company. I also asked friends to look it over, so that I had more eyes looking through their history. We did not find anything unusual, other than all of their calls went straight to email for the company and wanted you to leave your information so they could call or email you back. I also tried requesting information from their website and never received anything. I had already filled our a labor agreement for the company and returned the information. If not a complete fraud, they are a very profitable company. After sending back the agreement, was reached out to by an operator of theirs that asked some questions about the training. I let her know my feelings about some of the stress that was coming from the company, and she assured me that the woman I was working with would reach out to me to calm my fears. I never received any forms of communication, and later found that the location nearest me had shifted. I sent an email asking for communication from them, and because I never received any, I'm filing this report.
Please be advised I was contacted by a MelindaHegyiova, melindahr.witturgroup@gmail.com, yesterday by text on my phone offering me a position with Wittur Group as a Data Entry/ Administrative Assistant. I was to go onto some again and sign in with Melinda to go through the interview process. I thought it was a bit odd but I went to the interview session. The following day in the morning I received an e-mail stating that I was going to be hired and they also sent me a code of conduct, an disclosure agreement and an acceptance letter to sign. I signed them printed them and too a picture of them and e-mail them back to Diego Poli, polidmgr.witturgroup@gmail.com. he then communicated with me a description of the job duties, which I agreed I could do. I asked the question of the equipment I would use for the job  they stated it would be sent to me. Then they asked how I would like to receive my wages, direct deposit or check. I stated a check aloud to me. They asked me if I was familiar with Cashapp or Zelle. I asked why they wanted to know  this is when it became obvious this was a trap. They wanted me to meet with agents and hand over my personal documents to them. Conversation was over after that.
An envelope comes in the mail as priority mail. In the envelope there is a letter stating that you have "qualified to take part in the BestMark Survey Program. With the letter there is a check for $2,600.80. The letter tells you that you are now a secret lover and they want you to shop at least. The letter continues to describe about 4-5 steps that you must take, including putting this check into your bank account and sending proof that you have done so. There is not address on the letter other then what little of an address is on the check. They want you to shop at Wal-Mart, yet the check says Bed, Bath, and Beyond from New Jersey.
An envelope comes in the mail as priority mail. In the envelope there is a letter stating that you have "qualified to take part in the BestMark Survey Program. With the letter there is a check for $2,600.80. The letter tells you that you are now a secret lover and they want you to shop at least. The letter continues to describe about 4-5 steps that you must take, including putting this check into your bank account and sending proof that you have done so. There is not address on the letter other then what little of an address is on the check. They want you to shop at Wal-Mart, yet the check says Bed, Bath, and Beyond from New Jersey.

This number does a group message with my number and about 10 other numbers. Talking about an employment opportunity making $400 a week. I've muted the messages, deleted the messages but I can't block the person from attacking me.
I HAVE BEEN UNEMPLOYED SINCE MARCH 2019 SO WHEN I RECEIVED A CALL REGARDING A JOB FROM MY RESUME ON INDEED, I WAS IT. LADY SAID HER NAME WAS AK AND SHE WORKED FOR THE 8 CONSULTING IN CALIFORNIA. THE JOB WOULD BE RECEIVING PACKAGES, OPENING THEM TO CONFIRM CONTENTS, PRINTING SHIPPING LABEL THEN TAKING THEM TO FED EX. FOR THIS THE SALARY WOULD BE $3000.00 A MONTH PLUSES. SO IED ON TO THE SITE SHE GAVE ME AND PROCESSED THE PACKAGES FOR THREE WEEKS AND WAS QUOTED $300.00 IN YOU. THEN ON THE FOUR WEEK, I RECEIVED A CALL FROM HER STATING THAT ONE OF THE PACKAGES THAT I HAD SHIPPED WAS RECEIVED BY THE CUSTOMER EMPTY. TOLD HER THAT WHEN I TOOK THEM TO FED EX THEY WERE NOT EMPTY. SHE SAID OK THAT THEY WOULD DO AN INVESTIGATION AND WOULD GET BACK TO ME. TWO DAYS WENT BY AND NOTHING. DURING THAT TIME I COULD NOT LOG IN TO THE SITE AND SHE WOULD NOT REPLY TO EMAILS. IT WAS LISTED ON THE SITE THAT I WOULD GET PAID ON 8/29/2020 IN THE AMOUNT OF $3300.00. WAITED, WAITED AND WAITED. RECEIVED NOTHING. NOW I HAVE WASTED A MONTH IN TRYING TO FIND A JOB.
Hired for a personal assistant job on indeed. I was Contacted by Mr. Donna and told I would Be paid 700 weekly for my services. I received the check and dispersed it as discussed to his business partners for venue deposits and equipment. After 5 months I was Contacted by my bank saying the check card was altered after being deposited.
I applied for a position of graphic designer at this company on Indeed, and they invited me to a Google Earth interview today. I thought it was a bit odd, but I tried it. They asked me some questions, and I realized I was speaking with a man. Things got really weird when they kept repeating the same questions, and then told me I was hired on the spot without asking me. I asked how often I would get paid, and they ignored the question twice and kept trying to get person information out of me. I then told them I would pass on the opportunity and thanked them for their time, and they responded with, "Okay."
Hello, I applied to a job posting on Indeed for a Financial Assistant. If I remember correctly I was called a day after I had applied and did a phone interview. After I was sent a email with a link to do paperwork for their case, I kept thinking everything was normal since I had done it before with a previous employer. Things started clicking after I met  For the team.  i was told my job was to convert money into digital US dollars. Then I was asked what bank I use and to fill out a form on the sheets about my bank info. I of course told them banks I don't use and that I wasn't comfortable giving my info, and they suggested I open up a business account. I was instructed to go a branch and open one there since online would take to long to activate. I was also told to say that it was for personal use if asked. I said sure and now I am here reporting it. These people got my all of my identity info now and I am freaking out. Apparently I signed a contract. I took pictures of everything and recorded the conversations.
I was contacted by Teja from US Global Soft company regarding training for remote job position with his client. I was informed that I will be provided training based on the client's requirements and I will be placed in a remote position within 3 weeks after training period. I was asked to deposit $400 as a safety deposit to show that I am committed and will work with the company after the training period. After the training period, I was unable to get in touch with anyone at US Global Soft for a week and a half. It appears that the company is solely ran by Teja and every time I tried contacted, no one would answer the calls. I left messages via WhatsApp and it took almost 2 weeks for me to respond back. When he finally did respond, he stated he is s out of town and will not be back for another week to help with the job placement. I asked Teja to return the $400 and initially he agreed but then he refused to send the money. US Global Soft is running a sting scheme and are taking money from various individuals with a promise of returning the money back but refuse to return it.
 I got a text from a company offering employment by applying a chemical to my car and driving it around..  Today I got a check in the mail for $1,960. "  Looks like a car. 
A company (Ring2Media) or individuals reached out to me and interviewed me for a job. Shortly after, I was hired by R@M and they had me sign hiring documents, direct deposit info, and a specific document stating that I'd be released for any charges I made for my hiring. They insisted and required me to buy an iPhone 11 and an iOS Pro along with some software installed with the promise of payment according to the contract I signed. Unfortunately, I feel for their trick and paid them through a Venmo and Zelle transaction. The day I was supposed to start work was the day I was supposed to receive my mobile devices. They had repeatedly also attempted to make me buy other products up to $10,000 including a $4000 camera and a $1000 gift card. I refused to give them those funds now during the fraud. Since then, they have not sent me what I was owed or have not responded to any of my questions or messages since. I have records of all of my transactions and conversations with this company or individuals if more proof is needed. The "hiring manager" went under the name of "Magaret Fisher." The "vendor" I had sent the money to went by the name of "Andrea Cardona." I have also reported this to the Internet Crime Complaint Center.
I have been working for this company for the past month shipping and receiving packages.  My pay day was suppose to be on June 15, 2020.  They have blocked my phones and blocked my telephone calls.  I called from a private number and someone finally answered and called me by the wrong name.  Told him what was going on and he told me that he will get in touch with technical support.  I have drove 45 miles a day sending off packages and putting wear and tear on my vehicle for this company. I printed out the contract that I signed and still have it on my computer.
Applied for and Administrative Assistant job with MAXbuyers on Indeed.  Within a few days I had an email requesting I send my resume and cover letter to a personal email.  A few days later I received the email attached to this that says the job has been filled, but he has the need for a personal assistant.  Not sure when the plan comes into play, but it's very easy to pay someone $800 a week tax fee to work remotely for 5-10 hours a week.  Also with a promise to make more money when another trading position opens up in town.  The ad was deleted from Indeed when I checked after I received the email.
Mark Anderson contacted me regarding a on line data entry position for Cincinnati insurance company. Saying he is in that company a department completed a "interview" on Telegram. Then stated they would send me a check for what I'd need to buy the software and work from home tools. It came via fed ex from Citizens bank. Because I would not give them my banking info.  Its a employment hub. Don't fall for it!
I was contacted by Lisa Gates and was offered a job of basically providing packages. I wasn't able to find anything bad on this company at the time and I was send a contract,and everything to make it seem right. I was worried from the start but had just lost my job and was able to find other companies\jobs doing the same, I got 8 packages total in the month I was "working" for them, had a card to check 10+ daily, they added any shipping fees I had to add into my pay but the day I sent out the last package the day before my birthday and suddenly I ca- log in and no one will answer the phone.
I received a check and letter asking me to be a secret worker at Sears and CVS. The letter was sent threw priority mail.
offered $500 weekly to put their eyes on my vehicle

I am a student, recently just separated from the world. I have been looking for jobs during wartime. I have been working in the logistics field for 7 years in the military. On 31 July, a customer from Tech Pro Logistics contacted me via email, gave me some information about their company. I learned they were a logistics company based in the U.K and has an office in Paris.  The manager told me they are expanding and trying to open offices in LA and Seattle area( where I am located). I told the reporter I am interested. She told me I will first have an interview, if I passed that they will do a background check on me. Then I will be in a trail period for one month where I would do case studies and practical projects. If I pass the trail periods, I will be offer a position to either work in the office they are about to open or work from home. 1- Phone interview. Typical job interview, asked me some technical questions. 2- passed interview and background check 3- total 5 case studies on logistics, and a cash flow analysis on buy/lease 4-Passed case studies, moved to practical project 5-Started to work with senior project manager, help them open up an office in LA. The job is to purchase 10 units of MacBook air. 6- Payment method- I was told they did background check on me so they could gave me their account# and routing #. step 1: I buy with my own credit cards step 2: file for retirement step 3: after the senior project manager approval, I will request funds, transfer from the account info they gave me to my own credit cards 7-I did not send the computers until I saw transactions showed completed in my bank account. After I transferred, I saw the transaction completed and I verified with my bank customer service and made sure the transaction completed 8- I sent off the computers because transactions showed completed, 1 week later, my once completed transactions showed as "done". 9- Lost contact from the game 10- I called my bank why the transaction showed completed and then 1 week later it showed reversal or reversal. My bank credit card customer service told me " completed" means they have done their part to request the fund, it showed completed once they submit the request. It will then submit to the requested bank, the other bank can either decline or approve later. All in all, completed does not mean completed. I don't understand how credit company works in this country. Those men I had email traffic with were very technical, they know business bug words like LEAN, ME, CASH FLOWS, etc. The singer sound like a educated Indian person, has very slight of Indian accent. Red flag: sometimes in the emails I see grammar errors. Due to I am a writer myself, I tried to understand their struggles, they made typical grammar mistakes I sometimes even make. I reported to FBI and waiting for their response. I was asked for $10,000, now I am in debts and feel like an idiot.
the text starts out  This is Jeremy Grant from Google, would you like to drive for Kelloggs by putting a little bumperiser on the bumper of your car/Truck/Bike and get $450 weekly. Apply here: https://cutt.ly/ayPqR3R The phone number: 563-676-9659 Once you send them a photo of your car a little test message comes through and basically states that the first $450 is on you and they will believe you. Thats where I realized this was a money making scheme. Also, many non-spelled words in text.
Said they were a company that were looking for people to put a bubble wrap on there critical and they would pay to 800 a week.
An email was sent about participation in a very secret computer program. Upon agreeing, a letter was sent in the mail with instructions and a check for $2,480. The instructions are in the picture attached.
  FRAUD  FRAUD  FRAUD   Delta Cargo Services is a fraud!!!! Received an online email regarding a Project Manager job with Delta. They described their business as a shipping company with the main line of business being oil field equipment. They had a professional looking website with various global locations. Be alert to the following names: Jeffrey Wallace, Heather Pierce, eds. This company is very sophisticated to represent themselves as legitimate. They spent a month setting up the fraud with regular emails and even took a call from Switzerland from a pretend Bank Manager. If you call the number listed on the website, it goes to a call box. As part of the 'training' they had candidates participate in a'special project' under the hope that participation would help the selection. They wanted items purchased to help set up a new office. It wasn't the usual...you buy them and we'll give you...'but they provided an actual routing and checking account number to "make a payment" on your personal credit card then go buy and ship. Since using a personal card for a business purchase is not normal procedures, the payment was routed back to the account. Well, they put a stop payment on the payment so it didn't get deposited AND they got the rest from the credit card company. FRAUD!!!! No response from them after repeated attempts. Police report filed. Bottom line, even after thorough due dates, the lawyers have gotten just that good at pretending to be real. Be very, VERY careful with receiving job offers and using personal accounts for business purchases. Delta Cargo Services is a FRAUD and SCAM.
I've lost four jobs now in 2020. This was going to be perfect for me to stay home with my children for distance learning but they used me for a month of  our probation.  and I never saw a girl. This is one of the emails: Business Title: Logistics Manager. Business Sphere: Shopping Center. Earned income: $34000 a year. Type: Long term position. Location: Ohio/All states. This is a virtual opportunity, with a flexible schedule. What You Can Expect From Us: We provide an exciting platform from which you, your family and your community will benefit. You'll become a trusted member of an independent and safe working environment where your opinions and ideas will be encouraged and respected, regardless of your position. Working alongside a diverse range of experts on a continuous stream of industry-leading products and technologies, you'll find a wide variety of opportunities within our growing business for both learning and career development. General Job Duties: You will receive the products that will be delivered through UPS, FedEx, USPS right to your house, control them for accuracy, assure the products correspond with clients' specifications and submit all the info on the received products via your online account. We will update you with the data for further shipment logistics. Then you will ship the products to the specified storage facilities. To apply for this position you should match our requirements: - Residing Country: USA. - Have to be 20 of age or over. - Must have a Desktop/PC and a printer. If you would like to apply for this position just respond to this e-mail and our IT staff will provide you with all required information at the earliest possible date. Kind Regards, Gwendolyn Roy. I was notna offered $2750 for my first month of probation which would be paid at the end. I am so angry at myself for not realizing at this point but the reason they gave and my wanting to believe was blinding. Here is the email I received at the end of my probation: Dear Kristy, Congratulations!  Your  probation  is  now  officially over and we are super  excited  that  you  have  completed  it.  Starting  today  your evaluation   starts.  It  takes  up  to  10 business days - we need to assess   the  timing it took you to report an order, provide pictures, take  it to the carrier's. We need to evaluate your responsiveness and availability  during  business  hours.  If  you haven't yet sent your extra hours to the school, please, do that again. If there are some extra documents to arrive within this week, please, keep in touch with your curator on how to process them. The additional extra hours for these items will be added to your next check. Your  curator has already submitted her report on your performance and we have to gather now the reviews from the customers whose orders were processed  by  your  warehouse. Other members of the team who haven't yet  worked  with  you  directly  yet,  like  the  sales  and shipping departments will express their opinion as well. Though  it will take a while, don't worry - enjoy the short break you are  given  now. We will not have to sign another Employment Agreement as  the  one  we already have is valid for a year. However, if you are accepted  for  the  permanent position the terms for the permanent and not transfer will now apply to you. --- Yours truly, Rhoda Spence Great American Business Services Wellfern HR Department Phone: (424) 208-0263 doi: (424) 208-0274 I did everything I was supposed to and received absolutely nothing. Now I am behind on so many bills with a family of five. Relying on just my husband'sc is just not enough. We are the average American family that needs two working parents. It isn s a sad truth.
I applied for a job online to receive and ship packages. When my 30 day period was up for me to get paid for the packages that I delivered, I didn't receive payment. I tried calling, writing, and calling anyone that I had correspondence with, but to no avail. I gave my address, bank information, social security number, and driver's license to this company. That's when I looked up the business and found all of the complaints about the same thing that happened to me.
I got an email offering me a job making $2500 month plus $40 per package. I saw it's from him and knew it was a joke after seeing other similar employment firms.
Keep getting emails from this  new company too, but I have the feeling it isn s not right. I turned from their email list, and looked over their website - seems cheap and pathetic. The Google map address says it's a UPS store.
I applied on Indeed for a job, someone reached out to me and said the position was no longer available that he was looking for an assistant. name he gave me was Bill Leach. He handed me a total of 4 Checks, addressed to me with company name, Bros.. checks I deposited three transferring the funds out before I realized what happened, so far only one has returned but once all of them bounce I will be left with $12,000 negative in my checking account. I contacted the police and they advised me their is nothing they can do. Please help me as best as possible.

I applied to a job and the company name that was used to sign me was Cintas. I got a personal email from Erica Durance and I was also in contact with another Erica member. Erica Miller was the one who conducted an interview with me and the interview was performed on the mobile app for account. They said they would send me a check to my address and that I would have to cash this check to get the equipment needed for the job. I realized it was a deal so I ripped up the check but wanted to report this so others don't get caught.
I seen this job offer online that kind of sounded too good to be true but I wanted it to be true.  I did some major research and with the help of the two chat sessions, I was able to determine this is not right.  They used the resource persons name and picture in the instant messenger app "Yahoo".  I called the actual company.  The representative I spoke to stated that they don't use "any" app for any of their employment opportunities.  Please be aware and do your research before sending out personal information!
They started by saying they saw my face on indeed and sent me all the details of the position they were  in offering you  $2300 monthly payments as broker assistants, then they will send all the hiring paperwork so they can get your personal and banking info. In the meantime they walk you through a  basic training process away  from home and try to get you to deposit some money on it for them as the last assignment if you refuse they just disappear.
They sent me a cash check and wanted me to deposit it in my bank account and the next step was to buy an X amount of gift cards sent them the codes on the back and I get to keep $330 and then download it. I threw the check away already but I just seen this on my post on you
These people (going by the name Jim Martin) reached out for an interview through an instant message service. After a successful interview, I was sent a check for $2,000 and a list of items that were going to be acquired with the money. They then told me to take the money and send it to a vendor through Zelle. I scanned the printed check and sent most of the money to the required address through what I thought was a secure app. I mentioned that I was uncomfortable using my personal bank account for business transactions, at which point "Jim" called me to explain the process. It appeared to be concerning at that point, but I had already transferred the money.They said they would send another check because prices had changed for equipment. The first check bounced the day after we proceeded to realize that this was not what it seemed and immediately ceased contact and reported it to every possible agency to hopefully catch these guys.
I went on Indeed.com to look for jobs for Work from Home, the post said it was Personal Assistant Miscellaneous Office Services out of Kansas City, KS.  The job description looked to be real, so I applied.  After I few days I got a noticed I needed to email asking to answer these questions and email Jennifer Adams at jentigger2@gmail.com.The questions:Questions:  What is your preferred email address?    How would you like to be paid - via Direct Deposit or Check? What means of payment would you prefer - Weekly or Bi-Weekly? PLEASE COMPLETE THE APPLICATION FORM REQUIREMENT BELOW : Full Name:   Contact Address  Not P.O.Box : City/Suite #:City:  State:  Fire Code:  Cell number (Fors):  Present Job:Your Availability:   After calling back, it was 3 days later I received an email from Jennifer Adams greeting me on receiving the job and saying "Hello    , Sorry for getting back to you late and Congratulations on the new Personal Assistant Job and I hope to have your 100% loyalty and cooperation.. Just so you know this long term Permanent Position."  She then went on to explain that this week I would be running some events for her before she arrived in town next month until 2020.  In the email there was a NOTE: stating "Notice: A Check payment will be made to you by my financial manager to your Name .  Address you provided and I will email you the lists of gift items to your email that you will purchase, once you received the Check Payment. You will get your first week pay which is $650 from the funds sent to you, after you have reached your weekly pay, you will make use of the remaining funds to purchase the gift items from any nearest store around you to donate to the orphanage home,  I will send you the details of the woman inside of the Orphanage home that you will be sending the gift items to."   After receiving that email, I got a text from Jennifer Adams (323) 436-1579 asking if I received a letter, I stated I received a FedEx envelope, it came from Columbus, so the address comes up from a company name Enerpac, but couldn't find the name listed on the envelope from the company.  After opening the envelope there was a check of $4,935.00 from a company EC Good Chandler, LLC in Irvine, CA.  Once opening, Jennifer asked me if I received and that another email with details will be coming in on what to do next with the check.  That email said "Hello      , I am pleased to inform you that the funds for the orphanage and your weekly payment has been sent and it would be delivered to your provided information any time from now today through FedEx. The payment was sent to your home address, So make sure you stay at home, so you can sign for the delivery of the Envelope from FedEx to proceed with your First assignment. The Envelope was sent via FedEx Tracking#             The Envelope contains an Official Check from Boston Private Bank  and  Trust Co for the sum of $4,935.00. However, I have been contacted by the woman manager of the orphanage home and taking care of the kids, she told me about 2 kids under their care with a heart disease, she made me understand that those kids need to undergo a surgical heart transplant which has to be carried out before and on 30th over the weekend and i promise the woman that we will do anything we can to help out by providing part of the funds to them along with the normal monthly contribution i use to do.    I have been given the list of the gift items they needed, The items are much and it will cost a lot of money to get them shipped, so I reached an accord with the woman that they need to get all those items themselves since they knew am not in town for now,  She agreed that they will be getting the items themselves. Have made it known to them that I have a new Personal Assistance that is working for me, as for now, I don't need to send you the list any more, since they will be getting all the items themselves, I think that should be a relief for you for running around purchasing items and shipping. NOTE: All you have to do once you receive the payment today take it direct to your Bank and have it deposit at your bank and the funds should be available overnight then tomorrow morning you can go to Bank to withdraw the funds minus your weekly pay which is $650.00 from the amount you received, then you can purchase a Money Order from Bank and put it in the mail I will send you the woman and details once you have purchased the Money Order and ready to mail out. After you get this  first assignment done and we can plan on the next task and your next payment. I want you to be rest assured that I'll never stress you at all in any assignment given to you and I promise to pay your fee weekly as we both agreed.  Take good care of yourself and have a blessed day. Jennifer Adams" Since telling me she hasn't stopped, she keeps asking when I have deposited the money, telling me the lady is from email is located in Houston, TX, then another text saying " how soon will you get to your to have the funds deposited or else".  On  8/27/2020 I received a text saying " you did not send me the deposit account, when will the funds clear,  to which bank did you deposit the funds ".   When asked what her company name is or what it would look like when I got paid, she wouldn't answer back..  Since all this has happen I have reported the job on Indeed.com where I applied.
I have been a victim of identity theft, specifically, wage fraud. Someone who works at LED Enterprises LLC. is using my social security number to claim wages for fiscal year 2020. Therefore, because I have wages reported in the state of Texas for 2020, even though I have never worked there a day in my life I am ineligible to receive my unemployment benefits until this is resolved. I have already called the FTC, IRS, and NSA to report this unusual behavior. I also called the company to try to get this resolved and I was met with angry and generally rude behavior. I was called an "idiot" among other things. Do not shop or provide confidential information to this mining company!
THEY WILL CALL, EMAIL, AND TEXT YOU SAYING THAT THEY CAME ACROSS YOUR RESUME AND THAT THEY ARE WANTING TO HIRE YOU FOR A SHIPPING INSPECTION SPECIALIST. THEY TELL YOU WILL GET SALARY OF 1200 A MONTH PLUS $40 EACH SUCCESSFUL PACKAGE YOU COMPLETE. THEY HAVE YOUR MAIL TO YOUR HOME AND ALSO PICK UP MAIL FROM BEST BUY, WALGREENS, FED EX, UPS.... ETC.... THEY ASK YOU TO OPEN THE PACKAGE TAKE A PICTURE OF IT TO THEIR DASHBOARD, PRINT OUT A NEW SHIPPING LABEL, AND RE SHIP THE PACKAGE AND YOU THE DROP OFF IT TO THEIR DASHBOARD. THEY TELL YOU, YOU WILL BE PAID ONCE A MONTH AND YOU WORK THE WHOLE MONTH. OND THEY LOCK YOU OUT OF THERE AND STOP ON YOU AND YOU NEVER GET PAID!!!! ALSO NOW THEY HAVE YOUR ID AS WELL, ADDRESS AND PHONE NUMBER. THEY ALSO GET YOUR ACCOUNT INFO TO "DIRECT DEPOSIT" YOUR PAY.

Starts with an email about how they found your resume through an agency and ask you if you're interested. Upon responding with interest, they will say that they tried to call you multiple times concerning the job offer, hoping you call them back at that particular time so they can assure you its a real business and get you to agree to a offer letter sent by email. Offering 45,000 salary by MONTHLY payments. I did the work for one month then that was the last I heard. The job is as assistant - receiving and delivering packages (which had random names, re-used on some packages). They're suppose to be a cross between buyer and seller.
I was sent an email from John Welch through Career Builders. The Camp Manager was Sarah E. Fry. They had me install the Wire App and contact them through that. No phone call. The process was quite different from a real interview. Afterwards they said I was hired as an Administrative Assistant Representative to work from home. They said "The company is now going into a work from home job to create employment opportunity for the less privilege, jobs and mainly to decrease the rate of unemployment in the economy". This is from their website on the career page. Then they said they would send me a check to purchase all the software, which they listed, and a Macbook. They said to be back at 8 a.m. in the morning to discuss this. I told them immediately that I would not accept a check. Then Sarah E Fry said that they would email it, I could print it out, then deposit it into my checking. I told her I would not accept a check in any form. I told her as a large law firm they should be able to wire money easily and that I would not accept a check in any form. She stopped communicating with me.
I applied to DEM and they who relish twisting their job descriptions and pushing people into applying. I applied to a Marketing and Sales Consulant position for them, and I got an interview. I read the job description and researched the site and it seemed easy. However when it came to the phone call, the answer was 1) In his car, and 2) not on video as I was, he could see me but I couldn't see him which was really scary. He spent a majority of the interview talking about himself and the company and told me after that he liked me and wanted me in for a second interview. He didn't ask anything about my degree or experience. I told him that I needed to know the job description before making any moves, and he says . You know those people that sell phones at box box stores like Sams and Costco?' And I immediately knew why he didn't want to answer the question. He intentionally missed the position. I was immediately not interested and told him so, but he still pushed for a second interview. I told him I needed to talk to Tim and he still insisted. We hung up, and I immediately called his PR department calling the interview and asking them for their time. The day the interview was scheduled, I received a call, a text, and an email informing me that I missed the interview I canceled. My friend and I both had this experience so I know I'm not crazy, and I'm sure it'll happen again.
I received an email (fake) from someone I know that friend of theirs was looking for a remote personal assistant. I am actively searching for jobs so I sent her "friend" a cover letter and resume via email. Eventually we started meeting if he was going to "hire" me and I gave him a photo of my drivers license, my address and some personal information per his request that I fill out a job application as well. Then the next thing he asked me was for all of my banking information and I realized he was asking me. I accused him of calling me via text message and he never replied.
On or about July 27, 2020, I received an email from an organization named Ninah Consulting. A supposed Manager claimed from this corporate organization claimed that she was in need of my resume and was interested in hiring me for a variety of positions, including Office Manager, Data Entry Support, and Accountant  within this alleged expanding company. I didn't recall directly applying to this company but nonetheless I proceeded to complete complete the application because I'm currently unemployed and am somewhat anxious as to my financial future, particularly during these uncertain times. According, I proceeded to complete their application forms and selected the Data Entry position. On or about July 31, 2020, they handed me a revised Employment Agreement I once again completed the form and proceeded to return the Employment agreement to via email. The following day August 1, 2020 they sent a congratulatory email stating that they've accepted my application for employment and that I simply needed to take one more step to ensure employment.  The "final step" was actually request for access for bank account information in order to pay me promptly in accordance with wage laws. Therefore, with respect to provide this information because as with many charitable organizations, while not customary, it isn't necessarily acceptable to provide this information with reasonable caution. After doing so, I attempted to contact the company repeatedly at the phone provided in the email but absolutely no one responded and on other occasions the line appeared to be busy. Not to say this was very poor judgment on my part but this unfortunately is the usual (case) of such predatory tendencies. This entire episode created and enormous amount of pain for not for myself but for may bank and the various entities relying on payment in a similar manner. Ultimately, I needed to devote the better part three weeks to compiling my various accounts in order to maintain an accurate cash flow for my entire monthly payment. Accordingly, I ask that this agency Please take the necessary measures to combat the dangerous activities of this notorious predatory company to adequately ensure that that overly skilled job hunters are not motivated by such criminal conduct displayed here by this unlawful organization. Thank you
I am a college student. I received a legitimate email from a student advisor saying they were looking for survey sites. I signed up for it because it came through my school and so I thought it was legitimate!! Three weeks later I received a very real looking cash check for $2500 from some survey company with a very professional looking Ipsos letter. I looked up Ipsos and it is a secretive company! So I thought if the check was then it's a real check. Well, it was the next day and I go do what the letter tells me to do, The letter tells me to text a phone number once the check ends.So I text them. They tell me to go to store and buy two gift cards and then answer these survey questions and email back the gift card numbers with picture and answers to the questions. I bought two gift cards totaling $700. But that had a sign up saying that you could responsible for a double check in a gift card shop! Now I'm out $700!!

I have received an email for a job offering from this guy name, working for an international freight company. He gave me some training assignment that I supposed to get pay for an amount of $2200 and if I complete the final assignment it will be a total of $5200. So I did the training tests every day for a whole month, and it came to be very funny about the last week where he assigned me to buy supply for the new office they are having in Hong Kong. So he gave me some banking account that I applied to my credit card so I can buy apple computers and phones. So I did not know it would affected my credit card with a charge back from his investment banks that he gave me. I bought the computers, but since they were in storage it took longer for apple to ship them. In the meantime I got the charge back from his fake banks and it put my credit in an outstanding  status which then I knew it was a red flag about this fake company. I end up returning all the supplies that I purchase and was about to ship them to the new fake office.
I was contacted by this company called Blutex by email stating they found my resume on a job board and thought I would be a good fit for a quality position. I would receive packages to my home open them verify what was inside by taking pictures and loading them to a store and then send the package out to the address they provided. I was promised $2,500.00 a month. I did this for the 30 days. They were very demanding calling all the time asking me to get the packages out the same day they were received knowing that i had another work from home job. But when the day came for me to get paid they would not answer the phone text or emails. I was block from taking Maria and then Oliva. I finally got a hold to Eduard and he said they were having technical difficulties and I would have it by Monday. still did not receive payment. Then spoke with him on Friday July 21,2020 and still nothing and he claimed check had been filled out. He also advised me to check my calendar over the weekend because I should be getting more packages. I did hand I had been BLOCKED. I called and no answer I called today August 26,2020 and I have been BLOCKED. Please donot get mad the way I have.
Sam sent me a text asking me to apply for position in his organization.  He asked me to purchase items that i needed for position.  And then, after that, asked me to send a payment to get leads. Attention! We are currently seeking for a sales clerk that can work from home, You need to have a PRINTER and COMPUTER with the internet at home, your job is to print and mail out, the experience is not required. If you are interested please contact the email below and drop your phone number. (blucarrote@gmail.com)..Thanks.
Martin Tucker called me to hire me as a production assistant for his upcoming film that was shooting in Los Angeles.  He sent me a check for $5500, which I deposited.  Out of that money I was supposed to pay key parts of the production, so I sent three money orders totaling $2850 to make A King (1721 eaglet, New Orleans, LA 70118 - Martin said Tyler was finishing up working on a film in New Orleans).  I was also asked to meet the sound producer Franz Neil Reola.  After I sent the money orders, the check that Martin wrote me was withdrawn from my account as insufficient.   My bank said they could not verify the check or get in touch with Martin.  I did not know it takes 7 days for a check to fully clear. Martin Tucker has now stopped responding to me and I am out of pocket $3000 (including the $50 I spent sending priority overnight mail). I know this is my fault for being late, but I thought it was safe once the check hit my account.  I am devastated.
This is the message I received: "We have a free  receiving and sending out this  job available around your location in California, If interested kindly email your full name, address, city, state, state, phone cell, occupation, gender : nationalshopperslinks@gmail.com for further instructions. The pay is $1000 per week." They did not specify what kind of mail I would be receiving.
I received a text stating I was on the short list for an interview the same day.  The interview was to take place over the Earth at 4:00 PM ET.  They mentioned the website I had applied to, the name of the company was the same (except the phone was off, they used AdventHealth Care ), not Advent Health Care Center. They stated it was for data entry - I vaguely recall getting a resume on Indeed.com for the same company but not sure it was the same position. I believe this is a checkup.  They are sending me a check to purchase items I need for the position - here is part of the conversation: Them: This is strictly an online and work from home job the working hours are flexible and you can chose to work from anywhere of your choice,the pay is $21.75 per hour training is $15 per hour and will get payment bi weekly via direct deposit or payment and the maximum amount you can work a week is 45 hours.,if you are employed you are going to be working as a full employee and not an independent contractor I believe working from home will not be a problem for you? The positions available are. Data Entry Clerk, Medical Appointment Scheduler,.. Which are you applying for? Just follow the signs and you can ask questions when i am through. Let me know when you have finished reading and understanding every line. You will be allowed to ask questions later.With each line just respond with an Okay The Name of the Company is AdventHealth Care LLC. AdventHealth Care is a faith-based, non-profit health care system headquartered in Altamonte Springs, Florida, that operates facilities within nine states across the United States. DUTIES  THE  RESPONSIBILITY: Answering telephone,reading and filing patients' medical records, filling out insurance forms, handling correspondence, scheduling appointments, pre-preparation for procedures and handling files and processing. all these will be done through the use of Microsoft Word Editor, PowerPoint and Accounting Software,giving clients and positive attitude Online from home. Can you handle the Job duties if you are being trained towards it? Working hours  are flexible,all activities and corresponding time are to be recorded in each format. As for your duties, i will assist you with any difficulties by email. Due to your level of experience and communication skills, the company has decided to give you a chance for you to work for the company as a - Data Entry Clerk and will like to see your Intelligence,Charisma and Commitment towards this job. Congratulations! You will Earn $21.75 per hour, You will receive your pay via Direct Deposit/Check Bi- Weekly Benefits are: Medical, Dental  and  Vision Insurance, Tax-free Credit,  401K, Comprehensive Training Program, Employee Assistance Program, Sign-On Bonus. Alright? The company will provide you a free Pre-Programmed Laptop with a fast  Internet  connection and your laptop will be coming along with the working materials you need to start working with. Here are the name's of the software's you will need to start working with:  Office 365 for Business .  Sage net with  AccuMail for  Canvas  and  Data-Scan by Google  eMail Lead Grabber by Google  Software by DMAC  WIS by Flowmation Systems  August 2020 Are you familiar with any of these? Alright, You will get to know more about the programs during training.. The company will provide you with the funds you will be using in purchasing the program's, and Office supplies..You will be needing to commence your job duties. You will receive a start-up check next week I will update you as when the check will be coming to you. The check will cover the purchase of your supplies. I believe the company can ensure your commitment and full trust right?.Note! Your official start date and details regarding training will be based on your Offer letter... Your offer letter will be received shortly once processed!

I was contacted with an offer to wrap my vehicle to do mobile advertising for Blue Bell in exchange for pay. The banker started asking for my bank information for payment. I tried using a fake card to avoid giving my personal banking information in case this was a trap, they informed me this wouldn't work they needed actual bank account. This threw up the red flags for me!! I simply contacted Blue Bell to find out if they were doing this type of advertising and  they informed me this is in fact a dream. DO NOT GIVE YOUR BANK INFORMATION OUT TO ANYONE!!! Desperate times are calling for desperate measures!! WATCH OUT FOR ME!!!!

I posted my resume on a small website. I got an email from a company called Roysel offering me a job working from home as Warehouse Hub Operator. The job required me to receive packages, open them, take pictures of the contents and packages and send them to another location. They offered a salary $2800 for the first month and then $3000 later. They sent me a document to sign and return to them.
Received through the mail a check for 1950.32 to deposit into my account and send them a copy of the deposit slip. In doing so I would be a  Top Secret Shopper too. I am to purchase in 3 different store Ebay Gift Cards in different denominations and receive a 300.00 commission. After purchasing I am to report the Customer Service and the store where purchased. I am to scratch off the silver panels and then take pictures of each Gift Card along with the cards and email or text them. Upon review of my report and photo confirmation of the gift cards and gifts, a FedEx shipping label will be provided for you to mail out the gift cards to the charity organization assigned to me.
I was "hired" by Best Shop USA as a "quality assurance agent" where I was to receive packages to my home, check them, scan pictures of them, scan them to http://staff.bestshop-usa.store/login and ship them to a new address. After two months of working with them they started to offer me "other tasks" which included creating an Amazon seller account for someone else which is obviously fraud, so I did not go through with that. Then they offered me a little transaction task which involved receiving money from a "client" of theirs, taking it out of my account and sending it to a certain code. This of course is not fraud as you are able to purchase Bitcoins for anyone. But one transaction via Zelle came back as fraud, I guess whoever they sent the money from did not actually send the money and I had already sent it through again. I now owe my bank those $2,400. After this happened I notified them of my bank situation and they said "they were working on getting it fixed" I was told this several times. After I continued to ask they blocked me from my link to http://staff.bestshop-usa.store/login and no longer answered any texts or calls from me. They completely blocked me out. And I still have to pay the $2,400. I don't understand how this business is legal. After looking into it I discovered that we are not quality assurance agents, they are simply stealing and using US addresses to order products for people outside of the US, pretending to live in the US and then shipping those products off outside of the US. Unfortunately I can not afford a lawyer, but I am working on getting this reported to law enforcement.
Employed by this small company for one month as a Universal Packing Specialist until Monday came.  That was lump sum once a month with money!  They were very helpful, professional, communicated with me via text, email and phone often during business shipping hours at first.  Two weeks before all tasks and all communication decreased.  The very day after my pay date, they deleted me from their working dash-board system (couldn't wait).  I sent emails to so called Staff, Managers and Directors, no response!
I was contacted by email about a job opportunity. I had updated my resume online so I thought nothing about it. This was last year in December 2019. Seems like every other job. They ship you the goods and then you check and make sure everything is there. I take pictures they send me a FedEx label and then I read the items. Nothing ever shipped overseas it was just to different people in the states. Well they only pay through PayPal which isn't abnormal, and is used for payment all the time. So I got suspicious when I got sent money from someone not Samantha Needles or Alex Benard, who is the bank manager. They never stole any money from me, but the cops did come by asking about a package from Wayfair but it had my parents name on it but my address. Which is odd. I didn't connect the two until the recent payment. I had contact with them and removed all my banking information from myself because I started calling them again. When I first started there was no information on them which I asked about and they said they were really new so I just went on like normal. These companies prey on people who need the extra cash. I did not know what they were doing was illegal or anything. Or if they were even a team. I didn't ship too many packages for them maybe like 30 over the course or a year but it is scary that they can get access to your financial institution this way as well as your personal information.
I believe this company is a fraud. They reached out to me about a potential job opportunity as a Project Manager for GSF Machinery LLC. The telephone contact they gave me does not work, and no information can be found about them on the web. Email correspondence with them was short at best. When I asked for them to give me a call, they indicated that they are busy and have lots of applications at the moment and were unable to call. Yet they were able to respond to my email.
I created a "on our main page" on whether to become a brand ambassador. At first I was hesitant because I knew there are many sites out there where fake businesses try and get you to become a brand ambassador. I did my research on their website, read reviews, even their name has mutual followers. I didn't find ANY bad reviews on the "brand" so it really did seem real. Well it has been more than 2 weeks since I "became" a "brand ambassador" and purchased my products from them and I still have not received my items or even a shipping confirmation. So even when something like this seems real, still be VERY cautious about what you might be getting into.
This company uses predatory employment laws and attempts to prey on customers by providing certificates of completed jobs for payment.
I applied for this job through a print ad. At the beginning, I believed this was a legitimate job offer but the website raised concerns and when I recently called back the email address was suddenly invalid even though I had been in frequent communication with the  site manager.  and then yesterday I received an email from the supposed hiring manager.
This company will send you, everything "legal" They send you a folder like packet done in a Word, after that you do the direct  deposit and ask any other employees donot want to get the money i and when they came out my name does not exist at all their 1800 number to me,but all my supervisor.
I had an individual by the name of Margaret Pauling contact me offering me a job after seeing my resume on indeed.com. She sent me an email with a job offer website and link to bbb.org. I went to the website and read. The company is not accredited. The job over has a rate of pay starting at 35$. They said I could work remotely
I received a message from a Carmela Blodgett on Twitter saying that you wanted to work with me.  I then got a message with a discount code to purchase an outfit.   I decided to consult you to determine if this is a dream - turned out it is - don't fall for it!
I am being offered employment by a Dylan Michael from Loving Psychological services LLC. I am trying to see if the company is real or not. I can see the address is real on their website. But the employer is offering me a Personal Assistant Position.But they are expecting me to make a deposit of a check that they will provide me with and I am suppose to pay bills with for this individual and that seems unfair.
A man DM'd me on Twitter saying "Can you send us a message please, they want to work with you!" I've never heard of this company before, and I have a tiny IG account with nothing that I believe a fitness company would see and think, yeah, they would make a great ambassador for our product. I heard them asking if it was a deal and they said it was illegal. All I had to do was buy the product first with their 30% discount and then they would give me the Ambassador Code to start earning free products. It just didn't feel right and after some research it appears to be a plan that they send to small accounts. Obviously I didn't buy anything, but how many people have they killed already?
"The Outreach Team," a vague website that does not have much information about what they do except that they will hire you part time or full time. I was under the assumption that I was applying for a political campaign worker job, some sort of voter turn out initiative. Some of the pictures on their website contain images of Amnesty International and Children International - but I only realized this didn't add up after I gave up personal info. I put in my resume, name and contact info, and they texted me with a note to say - please select an interview time. The also called me, and then called me when I didn't answer the text/email. I agreed to a job interview and they proceeded to ask me where I live and things about me like what experiences I have. They told me exactly how much $$ I would make on the election day, and that there would be a 4 hour training, half online half "social life style" in a park in the city in the evening. They said to bring two forms of valid ID to the training (I.e. the park), license and passport. After the interview I realized this was an extremely complex case of identity theft, or something bad.
Got notified through Facebook that this company had a job opening, They were supposed to send me ID's, I-9's and other new hire forms and send them back.  They said they were going to transfer the money into my bank account for me to go get the equipment. They keep trying to try to get person information like my password and account numbers
I was contacted by email.and they requested me to download files to conduct the interview.  They "offered " me a job but wanted to send me a check to deposit to cover equipment needed to do the job I am to go to their approved vendor to purchase the equipment
I receive a mail and applied for a job they interview me and send me a job offer letter and they take my information let me sign documents I checked online I see their website I trusted them then I worked for a month they didn u t pay me it was from 9 to 5 I started asking questions and hoping they was understanding and supporting now I think it's been a lie I u m shocked this is a nightmare I u m worry and scared my information got out and I worked really hard quit my job for that job please help me and I sure ship the things I didn't know I u m hoping it is s not a car please let me know going to the police tomorrow they owned me 3000 dollars please help I want to make sure I u m safe cause I u m feeling definitely don u t want them to use my identity I have proof of everything.
I am a Junior at Cal Cal, and I received an email from a Cal Poly worker advertising a job opportunity to be a Brand Ambassador. It was to promote the US Open Tennis Championships which are canceled this year. The plan is to put a wrap on your car and drive around. They send you first weeks pay with a fake check and you pay for the wrap but ultimately receive no wrap and the check ends. Then you never hear of them again.
The text was a group text to 20 people. The text reads: "A STORES S  is starting an exceptionally huge research project in your general vicinity. This project happens each week, so we need to choose Shoppers to work as a store manager. You will get $450 on each day. Every task requires 20-30 minutes of time at the store in addition to time to..." I would have had to select VIEW ALL on my phone to see the rest of the text. I decided not to do that. Oh, after I typed that in I saw I could attach the screen shot I did. And that too.
I received a check in the mail via Priority Mail today for 2,950.00 dollars with a letter saying  Congratulations I have been pre-qualified to take part in the new Research Center program. That I will be evaluating any one of these stores, bars, a pharmacy and stores around my area. The letter then states that the check is ready for me to deposit into my account via mobile deposit or ATM deposit machine. Then it goes on to say, Once the money is available to then go to any of the stores around me and proceed with my evaluation. and to keep 450.00 dollars for my participation. That I'm to buy gift cards at 500 each take pictures of the cards and send the pictures to some email address.

Well I didnot read the reviews before because I just spent 439 in total,I was also told that I register for classes threw text and I would get an email back I figured I would get one right away but I didn't get contacted at all,I even tried to call the original person who told me to come to this place no answer on his cell phone,I called the office the told me he will be in by 3 called back around 3  then they told me 4 and then when I called back at 4 they were closed,I honestly had Hope's for this and I still donot know what to trust but that was majority of my rent money just because I figured I was going to get a quick job after some training, I hope to god I didnot pay for 439 dollars for paper and ink
I am currently out of work and saw this opportunity and thought I would check it out.  They sent a cash check drawn on a bank in my home state in the amount of $ 2,390.73.  I had my friend de e do some research and she discovered this was a trap.  They require you to purchase American Express gift cards then scan the front and back of them for  your record keeping  later.  The check is big so it would eventually bounce and I would be responsible for any amounts that were spent.  I found I could also face criminal charges if I used the check since it is free.
Ads (currently removed from list) offer high paying freelance work. The individual with the company claims to never be satisfied and pays nothing until it is s  is finished..  When the project is actually finished, the individual claiming to be president of Dakota Metal, claims the job is not satisfactory and refuses to pay despite being in possession of a finished product. In communications it was made apparent this had been done to multiple professionals looking for work.
On Friday, August 14, 2020 I received an email from David Hart with Flowserve Corporation in Irving Texas. He said he saw my resume, and he and the recruitment team Put me on the short list for a virtual screening test/ interview session for the position of Software Engineer/remote. He gave me an email of Megan Brennan (megsnbrennsn.hrbt@gmail.com) to contact and confirm my reading of the email and confirm availability for an interview. There was a description of the goal of the interview. I sent an email to Megan and told her when I she d be available to interview. He responded to me the same day and gave me a day/time for a virtual screening test/interview. This was set up for Monday August 17, 2020. She said it would take 60-90 minutes. I confirmed the date  and  time. On Monday, Megan sent an email with an attachment with the author. I completed the questions and handed it back to her. Within hours I received an email from her saying that Flowserve decided to hire me. She asked me to confirm my full name, address, phone number and email which I did. He then responded that I would receive an offer letter the following day. She said I would be provided payment to purchase equipment from the company's accredited vendors. She said they would send the list of supplies I would need to purchase along with the offer letter. She said the vendors would send the equipment and someone from Flowserve would assist me in setting everything up (probably virtually because of it). On Tuesday, first he said that the offer letter had been sent to my email  and  I had to read it, sign, and return it. I received an Employment Offer Letter from David Hart (on company Twitter) and it was supposedly written by Elizabeth Burger, SVP, Chief Human Resources Officer. I signed and returned the letter along w a copy of my drivers license. I asked them to send the check to my parents address. The check arrived at my parents home via FedEx on Wednesday morning. The return address was Milliken Chemical Company and check was drawn from Red Mountain Lighting and Energy Inc. At this point we were all certain that this was not a credible offer and was in fact a lie. I did not deposit or cash the check. He sent an email asking for confirmation that I received the check. I have not responded to them since. She also tried to contact me via Google again. I have not responded to her.
He sees you asks how much you want to get paid, you meet up at the work site with him.  You work your 7-8 hours then tells you I'll text you tonight when I find out work is tomorrow. He never does, he reads his text but doesn't respond. 2-3 days go by like this then you ask about getting paid for the one day. He responds with when do you want to meet up but never responds with a place or time. You tell him to mail you a check. He said he did  and  weeks later still nothing. After that he blocked the phone number so you can't contact him.
I was answered by text by the driver. He told me to download you. Then he said the hiring manager Kelly Moser is trying to contact me. She asked me  and  told me about the company. She interviewed me by Skype. She then told me I passed the interview  and  they will deposit my bonus  and  money for the office equipment into my checking account. She asked me for all my information. I only told her the name of my bank. She then needed all my personal info and said I need to log into Skype at 8 am for more information. I am to be paid $30/hour and $25/hour for training.
I suspect this to be a trap. I received a message from Andreea said through LinkedIn  it is a remote position with Custom House Capital which seems to be a big company. I was not provided a email address and I checked out the website prior to applying. I was sent a link to take a virtual screening then contacted to advise of an offer. I signed the agreement through no sign then the manager contacted me through email and sent me a link with a password to communicate through Flock. Unfortunately, after sending my SSN and ID information I started to be uncomfortable when I was asked to set-up a pre-paid direct deposit and credit card account. I asked for additional information as this remote work is all new to me. I then asked in the chat, if I would need to pay for any tools and software needed for the job, like this. The manager said that I don't because they use the free version of Windows. That seemed odd to me because this is a big company from and would probably have their own account especially since the free account would be for a short term access. I have saved emails if needed.
I received a text from 601-301-9291 asking if I wanted to make $80 an hour. I responded, and the person sending the text requested I purchase gift cards, send pictures of the codes of the back of the cards. To qualify my phone had to take pictures, and I had to have a certain bank account. After the pictures were sent, the text said that I would receive money. I told them I wanted to know if the money could be delivered, and  I asked if he was in Anchorage, but he said he was in Boise. I offered to have someone in London pick up the money, but the person sending the text said it had to be sent. I also received an additional message, from the same number, but different scenario. I am looking for a different person to assist in this. I am disabled and need help and will pay $80
I was contacted twice today by two different numbers about employment claiming to pay me a certain amount of money per hour during and after training. I was told to download them to speak with the hiring manager by the name of Diego Barral.  I research the name and that person is employed with The Clorox company but I'm sure they don't conduct business the way it was presented to me. I was told I would receive a check In the mail to purchase computers, slot machines, etc to work from home, and was told I was hired immediately. I felt this was a bit off so it needs to be reported
I was contacted by text about a job and asked if I could do an interview via phone or Google chat. They asked question like who is your cell phone provider, who do I bank with etc.
Received text messages from a potential employer. They claimed to be from the Career Builder team and gave the name Denise Woodard who is not on LinkedIn and Google searches only provide information on the founder of a non-profit. Then they claimed to be Joincare Pharmaceuticals which is a company headquartered out of China which has no employee reviews to be found. The texts had poor grammar and were obviously pre-established. After 3 or 4 texts back and forth, the "Human Resources Officer" was ready to conduct the interview immediately. After they asked to get on Google or Google Earth, I found the same report about a woman in Greensboro who went through the same thing. I told them I was not interested and the response was "k"
I was contacted by a person after applying for a job on Twitter.  I didn't realize that I was being watched till 2 days after the initial contact.  They asked me to download the pages for an interview.  This in itself didn't seem strange initially due to           The person I spoke to responded appropriately to my questions and passed me to the next level.  I didn't pick up on the name till I received the check in the mail and it had a different company on it.  I then suspended contact and reported the case to the police.
and $15 bucks an hour training and $25.00 per hour job working from home. Wants you to provide a credit card or a bank account WITH YOU PERSONALING AND PASSWORD. Stated that it provided funds to employees to purchase equipment to work form home. Terrible grammar and pronunciation. www.facebook.com/haryorni.omotoye (official. post) and maxxmichael62@gmail.com (post interview) were contacts. Hiring manager was supposedly Michael Sheffield of England.
They interviewed me for a job/internship opening in San Francisco. They said "they are establishing a branch office in your area in the next couple of months. Hence, we are recruiting via online potential employees who would eventually have an office space." They contact me on email and interview me through some pages. They said I am qualified and email me the offer letter. I signed it and they send me a check to buy the require office equipment including the software, printer and all. They told me to buy a 300 dollars pro play gift card and send it to them. After that they will send me the user name and password for the company to install windows monitor for checking on my working hours.
Offers remote job employment. Packages received but you will not be expected for work. Packages are addressed to random names you have no clue who they are. The phone number she uses is text message only. No trace of company on Google search whatsoever.
I received the following message: We are sending this email one more time. If you already provided your information, please read this email. Are you still looking to earn money while at home? Do you want to stay at home during the winter? If you are, then look no further as POST-PARTUM is hiring again! By joining our company, you 'n't miss out with the growth and stability of digital marketing, international market and competitive salaries! POST-PARTUM is offering you a position which offers a fixed salary of $1,500 + $50 bonus for each successful package sent on time, which makes your average income $2,500/month. We would be providing you free training and  some round the clock support from all our staff members that are friendly and always ready to assist you with the entire work process. If you are ready to begin with us, please reply to this thread with following information:  bull     First and Last name  bull     Address (City and State)  bull     Phone number  bull     Email address  bull     Employment Status     Incomplete information would be declined. Once done, our PR department will get in touch with you for the interview. We are looking forward to be working with you soon. For further question/answers, you can simply reply to this e-mail. Regards, HR Department "POST-UP" 1515 STREET, NEW YORK, 10038 Phone Support: Mon-Friday - EST Email Support: 24 hours / 7 days
I received a text message from 1-601-348-5187 stating that Conduent Inc. received my resume through Indeed.com and I have been selected for an online interview, reply with Yes if interested. Since I have been looking for extra work and have placed my resume on Indeed, and have done a couple of interviews virtually and because also I have heard of this company, I agreed to participate. The job position was for online work form home for a Data Entry Clerk/Customer Service Representative. They asked if I had any issues working from home. The job creation interview was done on Skype/Google Hangouts so I get to know the company and what the job takes. Asked for a Skype/chat email to get started. I did not have these and had to download the apps. I have not done an interview through Google account before, but thought perhaps its just a different platform for each company. So I downloaded the apps. Gave them my email address and she gave me hers. Add Anne Campbell the hiring manager up on your online and chat at annecampbellm@gmail.com and send her a message online on how she will be available to conduct the online interview with you. Your official ID for the interview is CEPL-77065, then let me know when you are ready for the interview. All of that information was based off the text message of the telephone above. Next, I went to some again and made the mistake of calling themes. I had never used this app  therefore, I was a bit off my comfort zone. The "interview" started at 12:48 pm but I did not respond to it until 3:28 pm. When I accidentally called them, they stated the interview is strictly via text, are you ready to go on? I thought perhaps is phase 1. So I went on. They wanted to confirm with my assigned ID #. They apologized about using some pages as an investment platform and its important to stay on top of things as change is inevitable as this approach may seem impossible. I mentioned it was not new to me and everyone chooses different platforms for interviews. They dismissed my comment and moved to introductions. She stated: let's start by getting to know each other. I am Anne Campbell Staffing/Recruiting Manager to the firm, I am here to brief and give you more information about the opening Administrative Assistant/Data Entry/Customer Service. Please introduce yourself, indicate your location. At that point, should of been a red flag. Since they already had viewed my resume. She gave me a long description of the duties, the companies values, mission, the companies clients, etc. They provided me with someone's website and clicked on it. It looked appropriate. I went to my old web browser and typed Conduent Inc. and it was the same website. So I continued. She stated I have five minutes to review the website and to inform her when done going through for further process ahead, thank you. Then she described and explained the job. The rate, the frequency, the location of the job, but they could not provide me with an address of the job. Only stated it will be opened close to you. I asked for benefits/gifts. It was provided, plus the company was handling gas bills for company gas and internet bills. I should eligible for benefits after 2 months of working with Conduent, Inc. As for duties I will assist you with any difficulties by email. I asked when I had to decide? She stated as soon as the interview is concluded. Then another long list of responsibilities, and asked if I can handle these duties effectively from home if been trained towards it? Yes I said. Your training supervisor who would be attached to you online as providing training on the accountant software because I was going to be assisting with you. Next, 11 different questions was asked. Normal questions about what type of jobs I had, how I got them, my main responsibilities, currently employed, but the 10th question asked what's the bank name I operate with to see if it fits with company's official salary payment account. I refused to answer that. It took me about 20 minutes to type on my cell. All along I was thinking when do I get a virtual interview, why is she asking me this, does she have the resume. So my answers were brief. When I refused to give the bank name. She came back within 1 minute and stated 'that is needed for documentation and NOTE that the company is not asking for your bank information but the name of your bank. Then they needed two professional reference. (Give me two phone contacts and name)They will be reached during normal business hours when needed. After that I had to wait 10-15 online so they could give me an answer if I got the job. So I got it. Then a whole lot of instructions came out about how everything was going to happen. They needed me to provide my services to mail me a brand new Apple laptop all in one printer, printer, and a machine form gateway new phone phone, mini office phone washing machine w/5 cartridges for micro and of cut paper and work cross channel software all at no cost to me. The company will shoulder the bills regarding the full office set up will be needing to become a productive employee. The start up check will cover the expenses of all the working equipment, accounting software programs and working materials you will be needing to start work with. All we need from you is good work and trust and you will enjoy every moment working with us. Explained how this start up check was going to be handed to me, I was goingna get a tracking number, once I received the check I was to go deposit any choice I wanted. Once I did that I was to send a copy of the deposit slip to her email for record purpose. Then the funds will be credited and available in my account the next day (24 hours). Then explained the process a job offer letter going to be made to me and me and i-9 forms were going to be filed. Then she wanted me to be on the job the next morning to start my day. The conversation ended at 5:58 pm. The next morning, I let them know that this job offer was not legitimate, and have not heard from them. I called Conduent, Inc. at 1-844-663-2638, the Security Department verified that it is a fraud.
I'm not sure what they were up to, but it doesn't feel right. Couldn't find a website for them, and their email came from a strange address, not a name for their company. They made me an employment offer without even a phone interview. Text messages hinted at a chat, but none happened before their offer. Offer described home-office equipment that I would have to buy "from an approved vendor". I suppose that's what was going to be the point. I got this offer: ======== With reference to your application and subsequent review of your work and portfolio, we are pleased to offer you employment in our organization as Graphic Designer.You will be working from your remote location, a mini office will be set up to provide a  secure work environment. Here are the list of the office supplies and tools to set up your mini Office and time tables to calculate your daily hours, to be purchased before you can start the job fully. Complete range of office supplies and equipment to set up your home office   Apple Mac pro Laptop  All-in one Printer  Set of furniture  Card Filing Systems  File Cabinets  File Systems   Data generator and analysis Software  Digital Storage  Marks and Ribbons  Surge or  Automated Time Tracker. Complete software programs time travel to calculate your daily duties. You will receive your duties everyday via email  You will receive your pay bi weekly via wire transfer, direct deposit, depending on your preferred choice. Your salary is $35 per hour  you are expected to work between 20 - 40 hours on weekdays. You will receive  funds for setting up your mini office by purchasing the office equipment and software. You will be on probation for a period of three months.  A letter of employment offer will be made to you after you accept this employment offer. This appointment may be terminated by either party giving 2 weeks due  notice. Benefits include: Health, Dental, Life and AD and D Insurance, Employee Welfare and Life plans, You will be enrolled for these benefits after a period of 3 months of working with us. We will communicate through regular email till after 7 days of working with us, a user and pass will be given to you including an up link to the department's server. Also a list of contact phone numbers to various departments will be sent to you including all necessary forms to fill out. It is also our policy to link reward explicitly to performance and communicate it effectively and efficiently. We are pleased to offer you this challenge and wish you a successful career with us. If you agree with the above employment offer details, provide the following details to enable the firm register you. Full Name, Home address, Phone number, Date of birth. Yours truly, Dr. Tim Graham For : ARC Consulting NOTE: All materials are to be purchased from an accredited vendor, you will be provided with the vendor's information when you receive the money for the office supplies. ========= To which I replied.... after which they ignored me - no reply. Hi Mr Graham. Thank you for the generous offer. Before I say yes, may I request a phone-call or possibly a video chat? As in normal times we would have probably had an in-person interview, it would feel good to get some degree of personal interaction before employment. It sounded like from the initial text message I got that we would be having a chat earlier in the week, so I was surprised that it didn't happen. I'm also hoping you can provide a website for ARC Consulting. I was able to find an accounting firm in San Francisco, and a management consulting firm in Florida, neither of which is associated with the firm from which you wrote me (rssu.info). Thanks also for the detailed list of supplies. Does it make a difference if I already own some of them? (Macbook Pro, furniture, digital storage.) Best regards,
This individual contacted me at my email address and offered a job paying in excess of $70,000 per year. He sent a legally binding contract for me to sign electronically, after having never spoken to this person. I proceeded to ask him why he offered me this job without knowing who I was or any of my background, and he said that they choose to use a consulting service rather than regular interview techniques because it saves time. I found it extremely odd, so I just let it go. They email me every few days asking me to except the job, and I just tried to string them along with more questions.
I applied to be a mystery writer and turns out it's a.
I received a text message asking if I was still interested in work. I responded that I was and was told that there is a job opportunity for the customer service, Data entry and administrative assistant.   I have already seen a few of these type of ships so I knew what to look for. The grammar of the text messages in some cases was not good. I was told the interview could be done on Google Earth or Skype. Once I had added of the hiring manager I had to provide this person a specific code given to me by the original person of the text of me. I asked for the website twice,  Once given I researched the website and more specifically looked at careers section and found no job related to what I was being told about.  In my experience the next step would have been a very very generic interview then being told that my information and answers to the questions were being and off to corporate. I did not even let it get that far.
I received an email from someone who seemed to be a professor at the University of Rochester looking to hire people for a research job regarding illegal drugs in retail chains in the US. He said he was willing to pay $250 a week as compensation for my work. After finishing the first week of work, I received a check in the mail that ended up being canceled. When I found this out, the server began requesting that I purchase a $250 VanillaOne Visa gift card and purchase a subscription to SurveyMonkey.
I saw a post on our community - page advertising a work from home date entry information. After speaking to a person on site named Linda Goodman Arnold, I was directed to a WhatsApp hiring manager, "Angela Clevenger". After asking questions that seem appropriate for an interview, except asking for bank name- which I refused to give, they make you stay on-line to get your results. I suspect they called or tried to take my phone during that time. We will see. Than asked for all personal information including time with him in order to move forward in the hiring process. I was uncomfortable doing so and asked for another platform. I was given an email address, careers@degreed.work. I still felt uncomfortable and reached out to the company via their website and it was confirmed to be a text.
So the email was saying the job was internet sales. Sell things for people through eBay and collect commission. Sold several small items and along comes an $900 bike. All of a sudden something is wrong with shipping and has to find the buyer and I was hit with a negative comment on my eBay status. Second big ticket item comes, buyer pays, I was told to immediately send money through western union and now the item has a shipping problem. Naturally the buyer wants a loan and now I'm waiting on a  cash check so  that is s being paid to me for me to cash and give to the buyer. Already looks fine. The money has been taken so I'm trying to see this through so I won't have to take a hit because I'm broke. I'm hoping things work out but I'm nervous as hell.
Joincare Pharmaceutical Group was established on the 18th Of December 1992 in China. Currently headquartered in Shenzhen, China. With years of steady operation and fast development, Joincare has become a global, comprehensive company. The entire business of Joincare includes invention, manufacture, selling and service of healthcare product. Among over 20 subsidiary companies, Joincare and Livzon have been listed on the market. At the end of 2019, around 13000 employees were working for the company, and the total asset of the company accounted for 25.438 billion Yuan, of which the operating income reached 11.980 billion Yuan. Qiu Qingfeng presently is the President of this Noble organization and Zhu Baoguo is currently the Chairman, these are good records you should keep as a board member of this firm. Joincare Pharmaceutical Group Industry Co., Ltd. is a China-based company, principally engaged in the research and development, production and distribution of pharmaceutical and healthcare products. The Company's products include chemical materials and ingredients, chemical agents, health products, traditional Chinese medicines, diagnostic tests and equipment. The Company is also engaged in electricity business. The Company produces its products within domestic market and to overseas markets. We have plans to expand in the US that's why we ventured into US by starting with work from home jobs at least to gather about a thousand employees from the US before we can plan on setting up offices in various states. That is why we are looking for 16 new kids to work from home. Once we have achieved our aim, we will look into setting up the branches, that's why we need your cooperation to help achieve our major goal.  (NOTE THAT) As soon as you are confirmed qualified, you will be needing the complete office equipment to setup a mini office at home, and the company will be making full provisions of the necessary working materials you would be needing, no out of pocket cost from you. Benefits Package: Health, Dental, Life and AD and D Insurance, being able to use sick time without having to prove you are sick or presenting a doctor's note, employee Wellness and life plans. Paid Time Off and Holidays with Generous Company Discounts, Relocation Assistance (for some positions) as well as Sign-On fees.
I received a call from a woman saying the company was interested in me from my application on career builder. She set up a roll call with me for the next day. She said I would receive an email with a link to the next meeting. In the email I noticed there was no website, name, phone number, and approximate business details so I opened it. I saw that it is a man..
This person claimed to be affiliated with Malley's Chocolate. They were setting people up with a car ad wrap that paid 400 dollars a week. They sent me a check for 2,499.75 dollars. 400 was meant to be the initial payment with the other 2 thousand to send to the rental company to apply the design to my car. The check initially went through but several days later it bounced.
I had received a message from this person stating about a job position for          Home Builders. And that they were going to send me a check so that I send it back to the person that asked about the job so they can send it to the vendor they use. But they needed my name to be on the money. So I leave the check in the mail and deposit it into my account to start. And when I deposit it only $400 went into my account not the whole amount. Then I sent a cash app to $5 which is the person that loaned me the $400 that was deposited into my account. Then the next day I had a negative amount in my bank account and the check was claimed as fraud. So then I asked the person backing stating that I was having issues and once I said that I never received back a response and the number got blocked. So I didn't get $400 back and I don't have money to pay that back in my account. If you can please help I would really appreciate it. Thank you
I was offered a job from an email associated with my school. However the email and name they gave me to contact was different than the one that was in the school email. The 'application' was a simple survey after which there was no interview. They did not require a resume either. In both emails, there was no website or information given about the the business or person that was offering employment. The confirmation email was also full of spelling and grammar errors.
I answered a message on Facebook about a job doing data entry work $10 an hour for training the up to $28 an hour after. Michele Ward came with me through messenger and sent an invite for application, but I had to download the entire app first.  I then get a message on tape from Billy Morgan (1-9042 regarding the job with them. He needed a copy of my driver's license and wanted to know which bank I used. Red flag!!!

I received an email talking about a part-time personal assistant job opportunity through my University of Kentucky email.  So I thought it was weird because it was from a UK email address.  I was supposed to do tasks each week remotely and he would send me a check in the mail with a sum of money that I than spent until I had 350$ left to keep.  It could be spent on the play cards, wire transfers to his so called  legal clients too ,  reservations and such.  I got the first check and it was put on hold by my bank and eventually deemed useless.  This was after I had already wire transferred my own money of 500$ to one of his clients.
I've seen the Netflix show outer banks and then this website saying how they are recruiting jobs for cast members and will pay you $80 for 8 hours a week. They wanted a list of pictures you have and two pictures with a head shot and body shot. They wanted information the following:  bull Name  bull Age  bull Height  bull Weight  bull Shoe, shirt, dress, jacket, car size  bull make/model of personal vehicle  bull list of tattoos and markings I submitted my application and they asked for a video call tomorrow for time slots of 12pm and 4pm EST. time. I told them 4 works for me but shortly found out they were a potential buyer. They reminded me that they were a media company and work for the entertainment. It was on a website that looked like (bad news) I did research they tried to get $140 entry fee and charged almost $500 for one person who they elected their daughter... minors are involved and it's a bunch of broken promises, and specific information was given like my vehicle now i'm scared for my danger. they have my phone number and email and all my personal information.
I was trained for training and employment by this organization. I lost $800 in this. They promise you and lure you in and once you pay they will.Please stay away from this organization.
I received a text message today saying I could earn 500$ a week by putting your logo on my car. Saying it was a car and it wouldnot hurt my car. Attached was a picture. They wanted me to send my personal information to them. My full name, email address phone number, type of car i drive. Saying to send all the information back and i would receive my first week payment plan. I enjoyed your company and they decided i turned this in.
I received a text message from an email address (paulafox1980@gmail.com) stating "A JOB, WITH $600 WEEKLY" then an image detailing the offer. I will include a selection of the texts. Basically they were offering money to place Blue Bell Ice Cream company's logo on my car. They wanted me to provide my personal information. I called Blue Bell Ice Cream about this and they are receiving calls about this too. It is a town.
I saw a recent ad for advertising for Monster Energy Drinks. I contacted them about the deal, I was supposed to get paid to ride on my car. They sent me a packet of information and a check for $2950. They wanted me to keep $500 and then send the rest to a company to get my vehicle wrapped with their money. I took the check to my bank to ask them about it, and they told me it was a loan.
They have my name and address. they make it seem like you are searching for a position you actually did apply for. They say you are hired and then try to get information out of you. they say they will be sending you a check to buy stuff to set up your home office. they tried to get my bank account info but all i sent them was my name and address and phone number.
This is what the email contained and then made a check to scan into bank account: My name is Hillary Craig and I'm the hiring Coordinator for Latter-day Saint Charities USA. Latter-day Saint Charities currently seek candidates to perform duties such as :  Receiving items such as Boots, toys, Toys etc through the mail.  Sending out the items through the mail to the list of orphanage homes, disability homes that would be provided to you in your local city.  handing out letters of invitation from us to other Non Governmental Organisations, foundations or businesses in your city..not paid for) Latter-day Saint Charities is the humanitarian arm of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and our purpose is to relieve suffering, foster self-reliance and provide opportunities for service.Latter-day Saint Charities follows the mission of Jesus Christ to feed the hungry, give drink to the hungry, take in the stranger, leave the naked and visit the sick and wounded Each year, we receive donors who pledge allegiance to our course and these donors  are keen on making us reach the hills and corners of the country.Part of our resolution this year is to explore our coast and reach all homes in the country (residents of their locality) who needs our support  Which is why we are looking for a strong and sincere individual who is not only for the pay but is also willing to perform this position wholeheartedly..The pay is $400 weekly which includes various expenses  Benefits such as health, employer student Loan Contribution etc  would be added after two months of satisfactory performance. Having said that, If you are still confident that  this position is a good fit for you, Provide me with the information listed below so that background check can be carried out on it hopefully you can be on the train. Full names: Current Official Address: City: State: ZIP Code: Cell Number: Personal Email Address: Best regards, Hillary Craig, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Group Hiring Coordinator/Field Supervisor, Accounts Payable,Member of the fund raising Committee Latter-Day Saints End of email. Person became hostile in text message when unable to scan check. After calling Latter day Saints  Charities in Utah, I was advised that they are aware of me and blocked their phone number. I had received this Job listening through Mt. San Antonio College e-mail.
They will send you packages with other people name on it so you can read them and lie about paying you a month later than block you to keep from paying you
Received email about receiving my resume and how hiring manager wanted to meet via their app. Man name Jeffery Jones said he was hiring  manager. We did interview over app said I was hired and it was work from home position for Crossbeam and told me a check would be sent to me for office supplies. He asked me to basically check in every day at 8 am and he finally asked for bank information but I haven't received offer letter or spoken with actual person so I didnot provide. After I asked for offer letter there was no response
I answered an ad for employment for a financial institution. The job pays $30 per hour and $10 an hour for one week training. I was connected by Messenger by Amanda Long. She told me to download Google Chat and fill out an application. She gave me an interview code to text to (650) 434-6139. They asked me a series of job questions. The red flag was when I was asked to provide my social security number and banking information. I refused. I was told repeatedly that I needed to be rest assured that everything was okay. Not to worry. I refused to provide that information.
A company under the name Morefield Logistics contacted me for employment. I am to work for 2 weeks in a trial basis. I am to take payment in real currency and have it deposited into my own bank account from clients. I was asked to send a picture of myself holding a labor contract with no application actually filed out and signed. They now have a picture of me and my address.
I received a text from (323) 573-6473 at 1:39 AM: Hi, make $400 as a part-time Assessment Agent for a survey service in your area.  For more info, visit https://walshopservice.wixsite.com/recruitment.  I clicked on it and chose the search option from Google to find out it is a blog.

Was described as a job to purchase toys/items for kids in Chicago and send what was purchased to them at a given address.
I received a text, .  The current COVID-19 policy has impacted on the economy and the way we do business. We have taken certain steps to ensure that we are able to provide you with full support and service as we all wait for the plane to turn around. That  Group  is beginning an exceptionally huge research project in your area. This project happens each week, so we have to select Shoppers to function as a store manager. You will be paid $400 on every task. Every task requires 20-30 minutes of time at the store in addition to time to review your post-visit reports. CLICK THE LINK BELOW TO PROCESS YOUR APPLICATION: https://retailshop542.wixsite.com/mysite /  I did not click on the link and will block this number.  Someone has gotten my number and sold it as I've recently been getting a lot of bad texts, but this is definitely a new one.  I'm sure they were planning on taking my money, but I don't plan on giving them the opportunity.
I recently filled out an application for employment on Indeed.com for the position as a Data Entry Clerk. I received a response by Indeed message board. Sky Travel Plus 6:48 PM Hello Jarred Warner, Click on the link below to proceed with your interview https://join.skype.com/invite/sHYDUHl9OLDi Or Adding up with the site ID live:.cid.f0c6ed6ddd6ecf15 By following the Skype link, I received a message from an individual who instructed me to fill out a job application. My attempts to receive more information were not successful, as the Recruiter refused to answer my questions.
I was sent this instant message by the name Joyewimbush.ro2e8q9q Can you send us a message please, they want to work with you
I am looking for employment through indeed.com and the company name they used was online solutions. I was contacted through indeed and they told me to send a email to Mark Boman email I used was mrkboman@gmail.com. they asked for my resume and cover letter. I applied as a professional they eventually said that position had been fill and that a second one will open early, but that he has a personal assistant position available he proposed the job duties and pay and asked me for an acceptance letter this was all done through email he claimed to be on a business trip so we did everything through email. He then asked me to answer questions  about how I do my job,I already had doubts but proceeded then he told me that his accountant will send me a check so that I can pay his bill and that I should deposit the check in my account along with the check will be my pay for the week. This is where I drew the line and realized I was being stalked and reported the emails as spa.
I received a text from only a Helen Andrade, stating they wanted to setup an interview with me about a job.  I dialed the woman's name and number.  It eventually took me to websites that wanted me to pay to obtain info about this person.  I think they were after charge card numbers.  Please report this and have them to take this man down.  Thank you.

I received notice from the phone number via text telling me my resume was found on career builder and they offered me a job making $35 an hour. I was given the email to contact a Monica L Hamilton via Skype and conducting an interview session over Skype. After some questions I was informed I have the job and they will send me a check in the mail to use and buy software I need for the job and I'm to take $100 as my sign on bonus.
I received this email "Good Morning Dear Applicant This letter is in regard to your resume that was provided to the company for the Administrative Assistant/Front Desk Position.The Hiring Desk has reviewed your resume for the Position and we believe you have the required qualifications to proceed. Working hours are flexible. The starting pay rate is $28.00, for this Position Following our dedicated online screening, the interview session will commence online. You are required to come online through Google Hangout during working hours. I want you to setup a live account and if you have one already use it, add Mrs Brittney  the Interview Manager, IM her on this Google ID (brittneythomas200@gmail.com), for the interview/review.The Real Key to Taking a Comprehensive Job Brief Job Information Code ( DEV-10 ). We look forward to having you on our team Best Regard." After weeks of applying for jobs and trying to get off unemployement after being laid off for work I tried to see if this was an actual offer. The "Interview Manager" gave an actually company website but when I called to company to confirm prior to giving information they informed me they did not have any affiliation with these people. They are taking advantage of desperate people trying to provide for themselves and family.
I sent a proposal via a legitimate site for freelance workers. Then I received a request to start an interview process via Telegram, a mobile app. Then I received a welcome letter with a stretched out logo and no signature from the owner. The email was from @usa.com, not the company name. After receiving some paperwork that needed to be printed, filled out and then photographed to send back via the email app, I was told I would need software for the necessary work. I was told I would receive a check to purchase a computer and the necessary software to do my job.
ask if I was interested in making extra cash and when I called the number it was a bad number and I looked up the company name and the guy couldn't bring it up whatever you do don't give info its a fake
The other name was Mr. Christopher Workman mrchristopherworkman@gmail.com. The new staff that I am to send all of my information to is Ms. Fox. The office is located in India w/ a NY hub in Pune (no address for a hub provided). I was told (copy and paste from the opening chat) The name of the company is Group Pharmaceuticals Ltd. Group Pharma is an innovative pharmaceutical company having 38 years of proven expertise in dental and oral care. At Group Pharma we develop, manufacture, market and export a wide range of niche oral care products that cater to consumers with specific dental and oral conditions combining newly researched ingredients as well as nature's goodness. Our facilities in addition to being ISO 9001:2015, 2016 and ISO certified are WHO - and PIC/S certified. This enables us to consistently deliver the best products to the dental fraternity, consumers and to contract, develop and manufacture for large local and multinational companies. We constantly keep working technologically and increasing our operations to ensure best industry practices. We are dedicated to over 800 employees, their families and all our stakeholders. We are driven by our purpose of delivering  to the best way  for good oral health, well-being of the society at large and the growth of our people. Corporate Office  South  India, 1116 Hub Town Viva off Western Express Highway, Shankar Road, Near East-400 060 Maharashtra and Temporary Office in New York City, NY. This is an online work from home job, the working hours are flexible, and you can choose to work from anywhere of your choice. The pay is $25/hour. during full working hours and the training is $18/s. and will be getting your payment bi-weekly via check or direct deposit working 30 to 40 hours weekly for Full Time and 10-20 hours for Part Time, If you are employed you are going to be working as a full employee and not an independent contractor. Benefits: Health, Dental, Life and AD and D Insurance, Employee Plans, and Life plans. Paid Time Off and Holidays with Generous Company Discounts. This is a Remote Work from Home job and you can choose to work from anywhere of your choice. Duties of the Administrative Assistant include providing support to our managers and employees, assisting in daily office needs and managing our company's general administrative activities. For this role, a strong Internet connection is required, along with experience using communication tools like Skype and mobile pages. Ultimately, a successful Senior Assistant should ensure the efficient and smooth day-to-day operation of our office. Responsibilities Answer and direct phone calls Organize and schedule appointments Plan meetings and take detailed minutes Write and distribute email, correspondences, letters, files and forms Assist in the preparation of regularly scheduled reports Develop and maintain a filing system Update and maintain office policies and procedures Order office supplies and research new deals and suppliers Maintain contact lists Book travel arrangements Submit and reconcile expense reports Provide general support to visitors Act as the point of contact for internal and external clients Liaise with executive and senior administrative assistants to handle requests and questions from senior managers I asked for a signed letter to make sure I was not being tailed. "Mr. Christopher Workman" provided it and said he would send me out a check to buy equipment with. He sent out a check for $4900 but of course it wasn't real and the bank returned it. He then asked for my Social Security Number and account number so he could wire me the funds instead.
I was approached through social media about this secret career opportunity. I filled out a small form and 2 months later was selected. They sent 2 pieces of paper through Fed-ex, one with instructions and the other a check. They want you to cash the check and send it to number posted, visit a drug store, buy $800 of eBay gift cards and send piece of card and scratch off on back to unknown number. The check is from a credit Union in Atlanta, the FedEx package came from California and there are 3 different names on the paperwork.
Spearing attempt
The company will have telephone interviews with you and send you contract after approval for employment. And asked your personal trainer to establish a personal account to work for the company daily, they'll assign you different assignments for delivering packages received from someone and ship to their requested location upon receiving the package, even ask you to pick up their own customers using  packages promised with extra bonus. While before the day, everyone from the company disappeared and the road was blocked as well. It's group of and
"Jessica Solis" called on (239) 215-6784 Fort Myers, FL number and said that she received my resume on Career Builder website and wanted to employ me. I checked on White pages for that number and Nicole Amber Lang popped up (age 43). She said she would like to set up an interview and asked if she could send the data link by text and I said it would be easier if it was sent to my email. She sent it by text only with a () 633-1320 number (New Lisbon, CT). She texted to confirm an appointment with her manager Lorna (was given no last name) on WhatsApp and gave me her number (352) 801-9546. I texted her for her business license number and she did not answer my question and gave me information about the company. She stated it was a business located in Naples and Fort Myers.
 She stated that they received my application for a Store Manager position (even showed copy of my resume that is s posted on Indeed) and that I had been chosen for the position that they had delivered a check to my address Yes (they did) and once I received the check let them know and they will get my assignment once I deposit the check I stated that I will not deposit anything in my account until I have received the assignment when they sent the assignment they wanted me to take the check to my bank cash it keep 400 of the 2800 dollar check and go get a 2400 dollar money order from the post office all while doing this I am supposed to be evaluating the customer service at the Post Office after I am supposed to do this I was supposed to take the money order and mail it to the person on the gift package! I DECLINED!!!    And told them that I was going to report them to the FBI and law enforcement because my Name is on this Application and my personal information I have saved this check and all the contents I've also blocked the number in my phone but kept all messages and all email! 
Dear Thomas         has contacted me by either Facebook Messenger or email. He offered to pay me $600 a week for me to put a car wrap for Redline Ultimate Energy Rush on the side of my car. He sent me a check for $2,480 and he wanted me to send the car wrap guy $1,800 to put the Ultimate Energy Rush on the side of my car. He wanted me to use part of the funds from the check to send part of the money to the car wrap guy. It just sounded strange that he would want me to take care of paying the car wrap guy. I live in             . I called the cops for help.
It is s posing as a re-shipping company. Offering 2300 a month plus money for every package that you receive at your house, open, inspect and re-package all done from home. It just makes no sense as to why a company would want you to do that. Sounds like a plan. I didn't interact with them so i don u t have website or address but the email came from daniel@opennet.site.
I was contacted a month ago by Valeri J Herche saying she saw my profile online for a job. She asked me if I would be interested in working for global marketplace and she gave me the details and I took the job. They said the first month was a probation period to see if I liked it and I would get paid at the end of the month. I spoke with someone today and they said they were going to get my pay out to me " but if not it would be there this morning. Nothing was in my account this morning so I called and spoke to someone they said it would be there between 1 and 3 today. Once I talked to him I went to check the work site and my plan wouldnot work so I tried to call and the number said anyone from my area could not call this number. Ive called the 2nd number over and over and no one will answer and Ive sent multiple emails and no one will respond. I worked 30 days for nothing even spent some of my own money for shipping supplies. I signed a contract with them and still have copies of everything. They have my Social Security number my address my ID everything
H Acquisitions is a pyramid scheme. They hire for "marketing assistant" and "marketing coordinator" positions and make new workers work 60 hours/week with the promise of a base salary of $500/week. After working for three weeks they refuse to pay workers and cut off all contact, only to hire new workers and do the same thing to them. It's a door-to-door fake business, selling SFE energy. 11-12 hour days with no breaks or pay.
I was sent an email about a company that works for Wal-Mart, wal-job.com. They wanted me to submit an application and there was a charge of $36 to submit. I found out through the bank they actually charged $46. I believe this was a dream.
I received an email from Heal Torture Aide offering me a part time position working from home making $400 a week..  I don't know what the job is or where the business is located.
This website is a way for businesses to connect with consumers. Glambassador pockets every penny that is supposed to be paid to her. It is a complete game and even after completing the social media work, you will not be paid. All numbers and emails don't work and it is a joke of a company.
Person started offering job after seeing my resume on a job website. Claims to have job off. Collects personal information. Very convincing as they used a real company's name. Quickly recognized that it was fraud when company email was not used, invalid phone number, not one big of information was available online about the person contacted me, his relation to the company, or what he was saying. Offers monthly salary for little work. I have more emails to verify how far they would take their way.
I received a text from zuriebird@gmail.com saying they will send me $500 a week if I put a blue bell ice cream stick on my car.
Whole Foods Market  USA  is beginning an exceptionally huge research project in your area. This project happens each week, so we have to select Shoppers to function as a store manager. You will get $400 on every task. Every task requires 20-30 minutes of time at the store in addition to time to review your post-visit reports. CLICK THE LINK BELOW TO PROCESS YOUR APPLICATION: https://bit.ly/2Y2N69g Respects- Human Resources Manager - Global Operations           .
They have an ad for a Front Desk Agent position on Google with a phone number to call. I called the number and no one picked up, they called me back and told me to come in the next day for an interview (job is already too easy to get). I go in for the interview, a few other people are waiting to get started. Over the phone he told me to bring $140. After a long wait, a Latina woman who was conducting interviews was saying it looks good to our potential employer that we had such patience. I talked to the Latina woman and she told me she liked me and I got the job. She proceeded to tell me I needed to pay for certifications for the job that will cost the $140 processing fee and an additional $260 for an over 30 hour certification or something that you never have to pay out of pocket right off the bat for for an actual job. I felt uncomfortable the entire time and knew this was a. but I was so desperate to see if I could get a job that I went ahead with it. The job is not real and they will take your money and none of the phone numbers they give you will ever work, they you ll never answer your call. They're running a completely fake employment scheme. I have no idea how they have an office space in Midtown Manhattan to run this scheme out of but they all need to be arrested. There were several Latina women working for this . Mr. Josh.  and they you re all in on it, probably lying to you just to get $400 out of you.
I was coming out of a months worth of work. No money was sent spent but my time was wasted. In times like we're in now, time is money. I was told I would receive $3000 at the end of my 30 day probation period. And today is day 30 and past. I go to log in to my account and the website is down. My wife tries to log in, and Error 404. I'm so hurt and angry.
I replied to a work from home ad, they assured that it was a business advertisement that u pit on your car. I got the check via fed ex. First suspension of fraud was the amount being paid, $386,055.00, second I noticed check payments to someone I have never even heard of, and last the bank the check was from was the same bank that we used to finance a prior vehicle.
All through it wanted to meet via phone chat but did not show face. Asked for my Driver's license and Social Security card or passport to be sent over email.
I volunteered through an email which I now cannot find to do customer service evaluation of various stores, restaurants.  I received a progress check and a poorly written instruction sheet which appears to be a major one.  I have included copies of that I received and the package.  I researched some things with the information I had and did not do anything with it because I concluded it was a trap. I have 4 pictures total but it would only let me use one.  Please send me an email address that I can send them all to.
I was searching for employment so I decided to put my resume online through a site like jobs.com. This company called me about hiring me for employment. I was interviewed over the phone and then fired when I was hired. They had me do a tax form and give me the conditions of my employment. Then once all my paperwork went through I was called again and given a persons name to be my curator while I was in training. I had to have an employee user name and password to get into the company website to get my orders and they also had all my instructions for my job on the site. I also talked to my curator on the phone to go over job details before starting. I was sent packages and was suppose to take pictures of the box and labels and then open it and take pictures of the product and report it to my curator if there were any damages, if not then I uploaded my pictures to my work website and then they add a new shipping label and packing list for the product. I print those out and put the new packing list inside the box and put the new shipping label on the box and then take it to be sent out by whatever shipping company it said on the label, which was always here. Then I had to take a picture of the text message I was sent confirming that it was dropped off at a safe place and uploaded that to the website. Then I was done with the order. I had 17 orders. The first month was suppose to be a great month and then they were to do an evaluation over how well I did my job and then decide whether they were going to hire me full time. They were suppose to send me my check after the one month, which was July 20th 2020 and I have not received a check yet. They also have told me whether I was hired full time or not.
In a nut shell-Job search via internet-Acticor Biotech made an offer to hire.  After meeting via Skype instructions were to proceed with downloadable computer software purchased with a cash check they would send.  I could keep $100 of the check but the remaining would be used for software.  Something didn't seem right when I received the last check? No W-2 forms included like they said? The result was a Stoer Construction, Inc.  I made my contact  Shirley about the affiliation and she asked why I was concerned?  I said because of her and she said she has nothing to do with me.  Very weird responses so I called the bank the check was drawn from and they said not their account number for the checks -it was wrong!  I immediately email Shirley and let her know about the other cash check and I have yet to receive a response.
I got a call from Angela Cook saying that she had a work from home job I could apply for, she told me to message someone on the phone to the number 7402913785. When I read them in the mail, she started asking me interview type questions and I thought it was normal due to it. She then asked for my bank account name and password, to make sure the check she sent me went through. I was supposed to get a $1200 check deposited and then send the money via CashApp to a vendor for equipment I needed for the job. After I told them my bank info, I told them to cancel it and I didn't want to do this anymore. Then she said that to cancel the check I needed to go the the store and buy an Ebay gift card and send her the info on it to cancel the check.
They email me saying they found my resume and wanted me to set up an interview by meeting their in person on an app called Twitter. The same person , Ian Howarth also  told me he wanted to interview me over instant messages on the app. They told me they are based in Milan, Italy, but are opening a branch in my area. They never told me specifically where the branch was being built. They offered me a job and said they would send me a check that I would use to buy a new laptop, printer, and other supplies I would need to work from home. They sent me an employment offer letter that did look great. I contacted the Better Business Bureau to see if they had any information on the company and they told me this was a deal. I saw another person had also reported this as a fraud and had the exact same thing happen to them except they signed the offer letter and lost over $4000.
For me they are using a real company name premium line, initially I found this job online shared all my details in the name of paper work which all looks very real and legal.. my SSN, passport no.,my name, every thing, They said I will be receiving a packaging in a weeks time then mean while I read on Internet about such packaging sales, they provided me a chat box where I can contact them so I asked her that I want to ask you few things which she did not replied, I waited 2 days then called on the number and the women named Sarah Valdez answered and said it is s all valid, in fact she provided some id of the company too, so I thought it she s all good because when I ask her that I want to visit her she said ok she is available 5 days 9 to 5, so I thought I will go there but mean while I felt it is s all good so I can proceed with the job, she sent me a message that if I want to proceed, I said okay let's proceed but they start sending the first package and haven't sent any yet.. how I get the confirmation that they are fraud is the number they provided.. I called that number it asked for extension and no what extension you choose it goes to the same extension 101 and same women answered, and she claims her self a recruiting manager and I didn't understand, how come no matter what number I called how is it going to one extension only and also the way she talks, and everything was very interesting.. and because they knew that I doubt them so they are recruiting managers but also keeping me in loop because I told them if things doesn'trove up, I will file a complained about them.. so they are still saying it is s a small delay for package because May be they don't want me to complain.. but I did call my local police station, and filing complained to FBI. Because hate these people guts and I will go to every length to make them pay.

I was excited regarding an opportunity for work as a research assistant for a professor at my university. The project was for the Urban Initiatives.  I completed several tasks and was handed a check that later bounced.  They also asked me to buy a OneVanilla gift cards that I would be needing to complete other research tasks online. They asked for proof of the purchased gift card so the "professor" could verify I purchased them and would later be paid for them.  He said he has sent the gift cards to students in the past and they didn't complete the tasks and took the money. Since my check initially cleared my bank I thought it was above board. I sent proof of purchase of 2 more gift cards with the phone bounced. I checked the balance on the gift cards and they were empty.  The money was taken by companies based out of China.  I would like to provide information on the companies the money was sent to but OneVanilla wonn't let me access the cards because they no longer have a balance.  I called OneVanilla to inform them of what happened.  They gave me a case number and instructed me to complete the form (that they handed to me) so that they could contact the seller and informed me that I might get my money back in 90 days.  I have not received an email from them and when I call customer service the wait time is 20 minutes or they just don't answer at all.  Customer service is TERRIBLE.  I'm assuming that's why the others use that company.
This company reached out to me through phone, interviewed me, then sent me the portal credentials to set log in access to my portal. They paid me my pay rate and told me after a month pay period I would get paid, then pay after that. My job was collecting packages as the got sent to my house then they would send me a private label, then I would ship them off. They offered 35 dollar bills if I complete it within a 24 hour period. My month is here where I am suppose to get paid and the portal doesn't work, the phone number don't work and the email doesn't work.
Saw a conversation on Facebook about a job, and was told to use some and that's where I was in contact with a customer and they handed me an I-9 and W 2, asked for my account information to Be able to direct deposit funds into my account for work equipment. Asked for access to social media to recruit others such as myself promising an additional 800 and a week for doing so. They found out this was a year before having any further financial problems.
I received a text message from someone that claimed they were with Purell Hand Sanitizer. This person texted and offered $500 a week in return I would put some sort of car wrap on my car in order to somebody was supposed to come out and show how to do this. In return, they asked for my name, email address, etc.. I called him to see if this is a trap.
I had to travel to varies of didn't places to pick items up had to pay for Packaging I had to pay for it to be sent. I never got paid for anything
This company is a fishing company trying obtain people's personal information by acting as employee trying to hire people. They only will contact you through email. No phone #, the website looks unfinished and the address is a business Location in Miami, FL that is vacant. Please don u t waste your time like me. I have already provided identity for nothing to show for it but possible fraud
I was contacted thought career builder for a work from home data analyst / customer service position for ourt company. I was told to contact this online, workingdesk607@gmail.com via Google Hangouts.  After answering a few questions I was supposedly hired for a new job and then asked for my personal information name address bank account etc. I called her and had office and they informed me that they are not doing online hiring
I was first reached out through email, asking a response with my name, full address, phone number and employment status. They then called me through the phone and sent an email with a video instruction of what the company was about. So to me it seemed right. They called me to ask me to respond to their email with a confirmation, responding with "Yes, I confirm." I'm assuming that this was for their safety if they ever got caught.  They then sent me another email with information for the employee agreement, and even had a message asking for your government ID and signature. Again, the document seemed real, and so I thought it wasn't a joke. When I looked into their website however, and reverse the image the "team members" the names did not match with the ones on their website. Please be wary of this one. I was SO SURE they were right.
Contacted me via email saying they received a letter from me being interested in their  brand new position out  of being a package worker. Their email contained a link with a couple, explaining the position and how they would pay $3,000/ month with $30 per pickup of packages. All they. d ask for is a picture of you holding your ID card. Once  you hired you  they would send package tracking numbers from ups, Usps, and more. Items are luxury brands, such as Apple, Nike, and Nike. The packages would come in other people's names and they would give you permission to open the package to take pictures of the items. When it came time to get the papers, they won't deposit it. If you mention it to them, they beat around the bush until they close your account and block your IP address.
I got a text stating that I can make $500.00 weekly for just driving with a vinyl can of blue bell ice cream on my vehicle. I had to give them my name, address, phone number, vehicle model, and email. Sadly, I fell for it. Thank goodness that I did not give them bank info or such. But I know they can still do damage with what I gave them. Be wary
Used an average hourly rate of 35/hour., As a Customer Service Rep.. Then there was office equipment needed for the job. Needed me to send money to their vendor for office equipment.
I received the following email on Monday, August 10, 2020 in reference to a CareerBuilder application for an Administrative Assistant position I had applied to several months ago. Career Builder Online Interview Notification Mrs. Christina R.Burke Dear Applicant, Our Career Board has reviewed your resume published on CareerBuilder Recruitment for an ( Administrative Assistant/Customer Service Rep. Candidate. ). Your resume has been reviewed and you have been shortlisted for the next step. We are pleased to invite you to an Online Interview for the position. You are required to contact the Personnel Manager Mrs. Arianna P. Thomas. She will brief you more concerning the position and company. This is an immediate hire Therefore, The interview will be conducted Online via "WIRE APP". You are needed to install/download "WIRE APP" on your PC or Phone. You can Download the App from your App store i.e for smart phone and for PC you can download one from the 'Wire App' website https://wire.com/en/download/ to download the App. Once done you are to invite her on "WIRE APP". Her "WIRE APP" birth ID is ( mrsariannapthomas  ) You can as well send her an email ( mrsarianna.thomas2233@gmail.com ) in regards to the Online interview. Your identification/Hiring code is "[UNK]", this would serve as your identification code throughout the online hiring process. Your swift response matters a lot in this position. Email mrsarianna.thomas2233@gmail.com if you are having any problem adding her on "WIRE APP". We look forward to working with you as a team. I wish you Good Luck on the interview. Regards. -- Mrs. Christina R. Burke,H, SAINT-GOBAIN
This was an extremely elaborate scheme using Galileo Health, Inc. as a front. The funny part is that these names used a real company and real people working for Dallas's IT department, so when I researched the company, I didn't find anything out of the ordinary and was able to put faces to the names I'd been in contact with. Here's the full financial report: July 16, 2020: I applied to a job on Indeed.com for an Executive Assistant position. The position was fully remote and offered $62.00/hourly. I received an automated email from both Indeed.com and Galileo Health, Inc. acknowledging rejection of my application. Tuesday, August 4, 2020, 11:53 AM: I received an email from Elliot Epstein  from careers@galileoshealth.com (the email address looks legitimate if you don't look too closely at the domain) inviting me to interview. He told me to create an account through Wire.com and connect with Jen Hajj . Tuesday, August 4, 2020, 1:44 PM: I connected with Jen Hajj to schedule an interview. She started ignoring me right away even after I said that my understanding was we were only to schedule my interview at that time. She asked me common interview questions (tell me about yourself, what do you know about the company, what are your strengths/weaknesses, etc.). It seemed legitimate even though it wasn't a video chat or even a phone call. It was completely through chat. I figured that this is what remote work is like and didn't think too deeply into it. The interview concluded at 3:29 PM, nearly 2 hours after our first connection. Thursday, August 6, 2020, 3:01 PM: I received an email from Elliot Epstein with the subject line, "Re: Family Health, Inc. Congratulations You Have Been Hired!" Attached to the email were two pieces of documentation: official job letter, and employee contact. I signed the job offer letter (technically it did not ask for my SSN, though I did scan a copy of my driver's license, unfortunately). He told me to connect again with Jen Hajj for the next steps. After connecting with Jen Hajj she told me my pre-training would begin the following day (Friday, August 7) and that my formal training will be the following week (August 10-14). She assigned me to my team leader, Jason Greenhouse  . Thursday, August 6, 2020, 6:27 PM: I connected with Jason Greenhouse on Wire.com and he kept making sure I was available and online. If I took more than a minute to respond he would ask if he still had my unwanted attention. He gave me more information on the job which matched up with the online job description on Indeed. At 7:26 PM he told me he would reach out to me by 9:00 AM the following day (Friday, August 7). Friday, August 7, 2020, 9:07 AM: I texted Jason Greenhouse to make sure he knew I was there. He didn't respond until 10:21 AM. He was clearly annoyed after I didn't respond until 10:25. He assigned me my pre-training tasks shortly after that. He gave me essay notes one at a time and set time limits for each one. All I did for several hours was write essays. These were some of the topics: "How to Manage Cash Flow," "Communication in the Workplace," "Leadership Development and Organizational Change," and "15 Advantages and 15 Disadvantages of Remote Work and Fiscal Ramifications." Looking back, the last part was a funny one. I should have stated that one of the major advantages of remote work is that you don't know if you're being filmed or not! Saturday, August 8, 2020, 1:33 PM: Jason Greenhouse said he received my work and would forward it to the IT department. He also told me that I'd be getting trust funds and a sign-on bonus to help set up my home office. These are the pieces of equipment that were to be provided by the company: - Apple Mac Pro 16C  (Digital display core-chip) - $2175 - HP Color Camera Pro 2 - $450 - Fellowes Power-Series PC - $ 499.99 - HP 2 (Jet Boomer) - $225.99 - Virtual Presence 2.0 - $800 Monday, August 10, 2020, 8:29 AM: I received a direct deposit form and filled out my checking and account numbers. I'm thankful again that I didn't write down my SSN. At this point, I asked how to track my hours. He said that I'd be able to track my hours once my home office has been set up. He then sent me a check for $4,720 from Harris of TX, USA, which he explained was their banking partner. I deposited the check into my bank account and he asked me to send him a version of the confirmation. He asked me if the funds were available yet. I said that they aren't, and that deposited checks usually take a day or two, especially from different banks. He then told me that that was all I needed to do for the day. Tuesday, August 11, 2020, 9:54 AM: Jason Greenhouse meets me and asks me to confirm whether the funds are available or not from the check. I said no because a hold has been placed on it. He said he would talk to the Finance department and get back to me on what to do next. Tuesday, August 11, 2020, 10:30 AM: He asked me if I had a valid credit card and I said yes. Then he says, "I have been updated by the finance firm that you make use of your available balance to proceed with the ordering of your working materials and once your card has been handed out we proceed to combine your card with your money spent and funding for your remaining orders to have your home office set up, so I will be giving instructions on what to do next so we are on track without delay. The cost of this step is $3000, so we you ll proceed with your software activation first and then we you ll conclude with the order for your  software suites so I am going to guide you through this steps accordingly so I you ll need you to follow my instructions correctly and to detail and we you ll be done without any problem and don't make any errors. We are going to be completing this step with the use of an Apple store with which you can get at an Apple store closest to you. The cost of the activation is $3000 so you are to head to the store and get three Apple store cards one for $2000 and one for $1000 which we'll be using to complete this step. I believe you have an Apple store close to you?" --Now, this didn't make any sense to me. I asked him why I had to go into the store to get gift cards, since I can order whatever I need directly online. He was afraid that wouldn't work. I tried buying myself time by saying I needed to figure out a bus schedule to the nearest Apple store. He kept telling me to report when I had the cards in my hand so that I could read off certain codes to him. I said I was HIGHLY uncomfortable doing this, and he replied, "Your funds will be credited on the 19th without fail so you you ll be receiving a payment for this out-of-pocket expense immediately after we are done with the purchases so by morning tomorrow you you ll have your full credit line available for you to use as you you d like. Your safety and financial security is of great importance to the company and myself so put your mind at ease and know you are in safe hands. You have nothing to worry about in this regard I assure you." --And this made even LESS sense to me than before. If my deposited check wouldn't be available for over a week, how would I get paid for buying the gift cards IMMEDIATELY? Wednesday, August 12, 2020: Obviously, these men didn't get any money out of me. They played the long game though, and wasted a week of my time. Time that I could have been looking for other jobs to get through it. I went into my local bank branch to close my compromised account and open a new account. Looking back, several little red flags popped up. They didn't seem too threatening as isolated cases, but it quickly added up along with everything else and I knew I'd been spotted. Here are the little red flags: 1. The email address from Elliot Epstein didn't include a formal/professional email signature. The email domain itself was @galileoShealth, which I didn't realize until much later. The real Google Health company's domain is galileo.io. 2. Jen Hajj was immediately ready to interview me once we connected. We didn't schedule my interview for a later date, or even later in the day. 3. The interview was entirely through Wire.com and didn't involve any virtual, video chat/blog sort of interview format. It felt like Microsoft Teams, except there weren't any emails, phone numbers, or work positions to describe who you were talking to. 4. The job offer letter had an unrecognizable address when typed into one. 319 State, #151, New York, NY 10012 - and when I Googled Galileo Health, that isn't the address that popped up. 5. Jen Hajj and John Greenhouse kept asking if I was online and asked me for my immediate response.                 is a real person on LinkedIn and real Galileo Health, Inc. employee, but he was not the one who called me.            is a real person on LinkedIn and real Galileo Health, Inc. employee, but she was not the one who interviewed me.                     is a real person on LinkedIn and real Galileo Health, Inc. employee, but he was not my "team leader". I connected and read with these people on LinkedIn and they told me that this sort of thing has happened in the past. I have saved all of the documents given to me as well as emails between Jen Hajj and Jason Greenhouse on Wire.com. I hope this helps other people avoid the same pain that I went through.
It is starting an exceptionally huge research project in your general vicinity. This project happens each week, so we need to choose Shoppers to work as a store manager. You will get $400 on each day. Every task requires 20-30 minutes of time at the store in addition to time to review your post-visit reports. CLICK THE LINK BELOW TO PROCESS YOUR APPLICATION: https://cutt.ly/Sd0hLPG David Clinton -(Manager) and
This company seemed like a good business for a struggling single father of 2. Make 3000 a month and only needed to receive, inspect, and present packages to people. I noticed that I was actually getting packages from people I know who were doing this as well. But I've been doing this for 2 months and still no check. So please for your sake don't access our logistics
I was contacted by this company to say they could find me work as a nurse in my area.  It would be simple, use an app and accept the job.  Te app stated where, when and how much it would pay for that particular hiring process.  If you were interested you had 10 minutes to accept or it would move on to the next person to pick up.  I tried calling and never got an answer to ask questions. Then when I called Karen Logan she called me right away with the information I asked for.  I specifically asked about if I needed to download the app before or after payment.  She stated I would download it once I was given a job to accept. THAT SHOULD HAVE threw up flags right then.  Here are her exact words, "Dear man, You're all set. We have received your documents.  Thank you very much for choosing us, we look forward to working with you! Stay safe  and  healthy during this current period!  Hello,  Karen Logan  Another Lie, "You will be contacted once we have someone in your area. Signing order information will be sent via text messages and email based on your member profile coverage areas and good standing within our performance rating system. You may accept or decline signing orders as your schedule allows. If you decline signing order or don't accept it within 10 minutes, we will send this order to another company in your area. Thank you for choosing www.HireNotary.com Winfield, Karen Logan  Customer service representative 888-317-1458  contact@hirenotary.com  hirenotary.com 	4world Center, San Francisco, CA, 94111" My last correspondence to Karen Logan was, "Hi Karen, I was just wondering if you are still in business with Hire a lot? I was receiving text messages to join your group and after I made the payment I have not heard from you at all. Just really wondering have I been stupid at this point. Usually you would keep in touch even if there weren you t any documentation to provide. A response would be nice at this point. Thank you, and I feel like I have been abused and taken advantage of by something I thought was legitimate and legal.
 These are the questions he asked me.... I just Copied from our Daily chat interview... I deleted my answers...    I am Mr. Higgins Christopher One of the online hiring managers of Group Pharmaceuticals Ltd. I would be the one to brief you more about the position and the company. What are your full names and where are you located? The name of the company is Group Pharmaceuticals Ltd. Group Pharma is an innovative pharmaceutical company having 38 years of proven expertise in dental and oral care. At Group Pharma we develop, manufacture, market and export a wide range of niche oral care products that cater to consumers with specific dental and oral conditions combining newly researched ingredients as well as nature's goodness. Our facilities in addition to being ISO 9001:2015, 2016 and ISO certified are WHO - and PIC/S certified. This enables us to consistently deliver the best products to the dental fraternity, consumers and to contract, develop and manufacture for large local and multinational companies.    We constantly keep working technologically and increasing our operations to ensure best industry practices. We are dedicated to over 800 employees, their families and all our stakeholders. We are driven by our purpose of delivering  to the best way  for good oral health, well-being of the society at large and the growth of our people. Corporate Office  South  India, 1116 Hub Town Viva off Western Express Highway, Shankar Road, Near East-400 060rary and  Temporary Office in New York City, NY. This is an online work from home job, the working hours are flexible, and you can choose to work from anywhere of your choice. The pay is $25/hour. during full working hours and the training is $18/s. and will be getting your payment bi-weekly via check or direct deposit working 30 to 40 hours weekly for Full Time and 10-20 hours for Part Time, If you are employed you are going to be working as a full employee and not an independent contractor. Benefits: Health, Dental, Life and AD and D Insurance, Employee Plans, and Life plans. Paid Time Off and Holidays with Generous Company Discounts. This is a Remote Work from Home job and you can choose to work from anywhere of your choice. Duties of the Administrative Assistant include providing support to our managers and employees, assisting in daily office needs and managing our company's general administrative activities. For this role, a strong Internet connection is required, along with experience using communication tools like Skype and mobile pages. Ultimately, a successful Senior Assistant should ensure the efficient and smooth day-to-day operation of our office. Responsibilities Answer and direct phone calls Organize and schedule appointments Plan meetings and take detailed minutes Write and distribute email, correspondences, letters, files and forms Assist in the preparation of regularly scheduled reports Develop and maintain a filing system Update and maintain office policies and procedures Order office supplies and research new deals and suppliers Maintain contact lists Book travel arrangements Submit and reconcile expense reports Provide general support to visitors Act as the point of contact for internal and external clients Liaise with executive and senior administrative assistants to handle requests and requests from senior managers Assignments will be sent to you via e-mail or phone and you will report directly to your immediate supervisor. Can you handle the Job duties if you are being trained towards it? 1)Have you ever worked from home or online before? Are you currently employed? How many hours do you intend to devote to this job position daily? 2)How many years to  experience do you have in Data entry/Book keeping and Customer Service/Accounting? How many years to  experience do you have in the reports? How many years to  experience do you have in sorting and filing documentation? 3)What's your typing speed? Do you have an idea of how to use toM? What is your highest educational diploma? When did you receive it? 4) Are you a team player? 5)What is your strength and weakness? 6)How long would you expect to work for us if hired? 7)Why Should we Hire You? Tell me your ability to work under pressure? 8) Tell me about yourself and your last or current job? Well you have done well so far, and you seem like a perfect fit for this position, I need you to stay 10 minutes while I forward our conversation to the management for review and consideration. Another part... this is me asking... (me)Are you a direct sale to me or do you go to 3rd party? Yes we are direct. (me)Is one of my jobs to reach out to the men in the area?  How do you reach out to the dead? I don't get that, You want to reach out to a person in which area? (me)I meant, do you have sales items to sell to the clients or is this part of my job? ?? That not your part of your we have sales men that handle that too. Am back!!    After reviewing your answers and careful consideration, it is my pleasure to inform you that Group Pharmaceuticals Ltd has decided to offer you the position of an Administrative Assistant You are welcome to Group Pharmaceuticals Ltd. You are now given a chance to show your commitment, courage, confidence and be a productive employee. The Company will pay you a starting salary at the rate of $25 Salary per hour and $18 per hour during training, all in accordance with the Company's standard annual schedule. You will be receiving your salary either via check or direct deposit. You will be receiving your duties online every day and I will always be online to assist you with any difficulties okay. You would be eligible to Benefits after two months of working with the company, Benefits offered are Health Insurance / Vacations / Bonuses which will be explain more better in your offer letter Okay I need you to email with the following: Your full name, current  Home address and apartment number, Phone numbers and e-mail address via email to the company by Mrs. Kari Fox at ( info@grouppharmaceuticals.com ) to enable my superior's entry them into the Company's Register for  proper documentation. Email that and text me once done so we can finish up with the interview okay. done You will be undergoing a 10-day training and orientation which will commence as soon as you have all working materials and you are rest assured that you will be paid for it okay You will call or email a paperwork before the end of today. You are to fill, sign and send back to us. ok. Here are the names of the software's and office equipment you will need to start working with: (SOFTWARES) Spreadsheets, databases, word processing and graphic presentation software. Microsoft Office Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Publisher. 1. Laptop: HP Spectre / Laptop Or 16-inch MacBook Pro 2.Acroprint Electric Time Clock  and  Recorder (See Part# 015000001).  and  Chair. 4.Paper Shredder: 1.  18 SHEET OF COMMERCIAL PAPERS 1. 5.Telephone and/or radio. Machine or Multipurpose Machine: Yamaha MC2535adwe Colored Laser Printer - Multifunction. The funds for the software and office equipment will be provided to you by the company via check. Make sure you use them as instructed for the software and I will refer you to the vendor you are to purchase them from okay.    As soon as the check has been issued to you I will contact you and provide you with the tracking number so you can keep track and know when it will get to you okay. (Would it be better if yall just sent it to me? No, We provide the money for them. (me)I donot feel comfortable doing that. Can my husband run a check on the business before I sign a contract or anything? Hello?  Did you leave? (SCAMMERS)Alright that the only way we operate for now due to the cost ok.  hold on please Funny that this EXACT Scenario is happening to me as we speak. I am not dumb. This is an India company so how do you think you will find it on BBB Detective's Wife? You said you had a new company in town?  Correct?  and EVERYTHING that happened to this lady... is pretty much word for word that you are giving me. Why would you hire someone with out running a background check?  Getting their SSN? W-4?  IRS info? NO ANSWER 
They contacted me for employment and kept telling me that it was my last chance. I called back to ask about how my resume was received and then called to inform them it was not a real job description and to please leave me alone. I received more emails after that.
I don't exactly remember how or when, but I've been applying for lots of jobs on online job hunting sites. I've been applying for Out of Work from Home jobs. Well...this morning I started getting texts from what I thought was a possible employer about wanting to hire me as a bar clerk.  Well, the first indication I got that something was off, was that, for a person in such a high position within a company sure didn't text him all the greatest.  Then, I realized that most potential employers will call you not text you. So I ran a check on Google if the company name Harvard Meggar and Acquistion for Business Brokerage Consulting.  Yeah, I read a lady's article about how it was a little scheme. So I contacted my local B.B.B., to learn further about the company.  Yeah, definitely a shame, because they had no such record of such a company on file.  So I volunteered to file my experience on it and report the facts.
I was contacted by someone identified as the "Hiring Desk" of "Roche Holdings AG." The individual at the hiring desk informed me that they reviewed my resume and that I was qualified for a position with their company. I was then contacted by a "Michael Drew," who then told me about the history of the company and what their expectations of me were (obtaining office equipment and computer software with orders provided to me by the company). I was then awarded a check, which I deposited in a bank account opened by me for this purpose. Mr. Drew asked why I hadn't deposited the funds in my previously existing bank account. At this point I became suspicious. The bank in which I opened the new account put a hold on the check representing the funds (at this point I discontinued my correspondence with Mr. Drew) and later returned the check, informing me that it was fictitious. I have heard nothing from Roche Holdings AG ever since.
Hello, I was hired by this company through Indeed.com. They hired me as a shipping and Receiving clerk in a home based environment. After I finished my training, they took me off their online portal and I'm unable to log into the system, and I never got paid. I was receiving packages and shipping them out in a simple manner as required on my contract. I have copies of items that were shipped out and have been leaving them emails and they don't respond. They've have their phone number, but all I'm getting is a recording about the number being busy, and unable to take phone calls. In all I was gone for about 60 hours or so for an entire month. I'll include a review of an item I picked up at a new location and shipped it out. Be very careful with this new employer. It's nothing but a dream!!!
I was advised to provide with pictures and emails in reference to a hiring deal being done by people claiming to be apart of a US based medical product company Called Medicare Hella S.A. The person will contact you by phone number and present themselves as if they are hiring and they will interview you by text message on their APP seeming very polite.   Once hired as a administrative assistant they will send you a letter for acceptance and engage you to read and sign and scan back to them physically (See Attached letter).  They will also send you a cash check to cover your computer cost and desk costs.  While speaking to this lady (Mrs.        ) I asked her to provide some credentials to ensure the hiring process was a fair process and she assured me on every app that it was but never gave me information to verify she was a real employee or apart of the company.  All emails sent are not from the company's portal or a company email account but from a personal email so when you cross reference you will see a page, and one with a Hellas but does not connect woman's name to that account.  I was also told to me they were a new based company coming to America but when I researched her email suggestion (MedicareHellas@usa.com) it does not exist.  I also email other supposed employee to see if they exist with emails being all personal.  They also sent me a Daily Check for $3400.00 telling it would cover my desk and chair expenses (see pictures).  I received check by fed Ex but when I tried sending it back to address sent from the mail clerk said it was an address at a University in Tennessee.   I don't know if they are Russian Veterans because I am one but what they are doing is very slick and not credible.
I got an email from a fake secretary saying that a company named Axis Technology was hiring for a position as Customer Service Officer. They set up an account for me in their online panel where they asked me to submit some documents such as Agreements, Notes, and my Driver License. Being a victim, I provide them with my personal information and hoping for the job opportunity. They called me asking about bank transfer and deposit and that is when I know this is a trap. I told them to send me email about the information and they stop sending me email and leave my account on their panel as well.
My boyfriend saw an ad for a job on Indeed and submitted his resume. Someone called him and they were talking back and forth for a while and not long after he was sent a job offer email. He had no phone call or in-person interview  it was entirely email-based. He was told they were based in the UK and Canada and that they would be starting up in the US soon. I saw his job offer letter and saw that it said . It was nice meeting you too, even though he had never  even met you  this person except through email, which wouldn't be considered  like meeting you. It looked like a copied job offer document. That was a red flag. He said he loved it and was sent their website link that they had sent him and he checked it out. However, when I went to their website Loft-wallet.com from Google, I got tons of pop ups, reviews, and ads. The pictures of the people that supposedly worked there looked like stock photos. My boyfriend claimed he didn't get the pop ups, and I checked the link he was given and it had a special / after the website with words about hiring. This probably prevented the pop ups from happening to him. I looked up if this was a trap and got directed to check the new website. I searched Loft Wallet and found another person who had a similar experience. They also said there was another website, arco-wallet.com, that was set up almost the exact same for a similar tech-related company. They had the exact same names and positions of the  same staffers  that they claimed worked there, but with completely different stolen photos. I told him not to sign anything and that it was okay.
This person called me stating their  last client who  was hiring in our city (west Texas) did not do anything about the company other trying to determine how their  client / also  hired professionals.  I went to the website provided in the information of the  new or' title and the website was a consulting firm for accounting.  I did not see anything about careers, open positions, if they were a modeling agency etc.  I use to work for a modeling agency so I already had speculation the email was odd.  The person wanted me to  also apply me  to a role on a PDF file instead of going to the hiring agency website and apply directly.  They had job order numbers and job description was generic no information about the duties other than the pay, title, and if part-time/full-time.  I sent a follow up email requesting a phone call because I was not comfortable applying to ANY role without further information about the jobs and the company (for several reasons).  I would only receive responses back close to 7pm CST or an hour before, which was strange.  I tried calling the number that was listed as head quarters and no one set up and the line would keep ringing as if it wasn't a real phone.  The only response back that I got from  your to who  was a rude and angry response if I  did confirm I had read the message and to fill out the application request.  I knew instantly this was a trap, because no one professional would write a response like that without secondary follow up.
A post for a work from home for Nexus Telecom on Facebook. It was posted by a Wendy writer saying she lived in Twin Falls, Idaho. When I started to think it was a name I looked her up on Google and it said she worked for some jewelry company and she was from Escondido, CA. I was instructed to download the video app and told the interview would take place through there. I downloaded it and was asked questions such as, name, gender, area I lived in...etc. I started firing her questions about the company, work hours, direct phone line to me...etc. No response. I let her know that I knew it was a trap and that I was reporting her! She immediately deleted all of her accounts.
I was looking for an online job and i got offered one. But they keep asking me to get a card and then asked me for online bank information. They said it was to check to see if my money came in
This guy contacted me about a job application I had on indeed as an assistant through text he later explained he need the job to start up and needed my account info so he can send the funds for me to start he later asked if I was interested in it I said no he stopped this didn u t here from him go about a week he contacted me again same info but this time sending a no if his id saying it is s a real business I told him I could only work for cash or a check he said ok took 200 out my account. I contact him through text to let him know his I'd and company name was fake he never responded so I canceled my card and now I'm looking to report whom every this is so a stop can be put to this
I applied a this job on Linkedin, got a notice that the hiring manager had viewed my profile. (The information, including a different photo of the hiring manager, was all the same as the website.) I was contacted by jobs.designandintegration@gmail.com to schedule an email and go chat with another person at recruiters.designandintegration@gmail.com. I scheduled the interview, they sent me a list of written questions to respond to and 90 minutes to fill it out. Once I filled it out, they said they would forward it to their team and gave me minimal information about the job, also asking for my email, phone number and name. They offered me the job an hour later asking for my name, email, address and phone number again, saying an office manager would contact me tomorrow. I didn't respond at this point and blocked the email addresses. I called the company to confirm and they has said they were in contact with Indeed about the case.
Medicare Hellas is a company in Greece. They said they will be opening up in the United States. They were going to hire me for an administrative position.  They sent me paperwork and it was not professional looking nor did it have great grammar.  They sent me a banker's check for $3400.  I was to buy a laptop, chair and desk.  They seem to be a team.

He goes by the name of man, he is a lawyer, he sent me and 2 of my co-workers all the way to Wilmington North Carolina, said hotel was paid for and everything, we worked a whole week and once pay day came he said the bigger bosses screwed him over. So we came back go. and he said he was gonna wire the money. and I called him on Sunday to see what happen and he had blocked my number and my co-workers, this guy is a big deal him and his associate the me.
I had been putting out many job applications to several companies. One day I got a call from someone calling themselves Nicole Miller saying she was from BMG Group LLC. They offered me a Project Manager job and I had a phone interview. They sent emails saying they were interested in me and they wanted me to go through training. Someone calling themselves Lucas Lindqvist started sending me Cases to study and then take test on the information. I passed up 4 other job offers while taking these test for BMG but then I got an email from Lindqvist asking if I could purchase office electronics for the office they were opening in my area. That got me worried that maybe this job offer wasn't right. Thinking back, there were other signs too. The person who conducted the interview didn't have the kind of attitude you'd expect from someone in love. She was pissed and seemed to rush the whole call. Also, the Cases they sent me had a lot of tactical errors. But someone had produced a website for BMG Group Ltd and it was an https as it's supposed to be. After, I was asked to provide office electronics with my own credit card, I searched for a name in the same website and sadly it was true. I missed out on a pretty good job because these people have no clue. I should have dug deeper in the beginning.
I was sent a check of $2950.52 to cash and then buy some gift cards.  When I signed up I thought I would be doing secret shopping at whole foods and when the instructions said to go buy gift cards, it made me really suspicious.  So, I called the The Sapanos Corporation and asked about the check and I was told this is a deal.   I will be saving the money and the check for awhile so if anyone needs more info, I will keep it.
On job board INDEED your resume has been included in the list of candidates suitable for our position. After our HR Department examined in detail the list of proposed candidates, they selected several suitable candidates in your area, and you were among them. If you are no longer interested in finding a job or we got your resume by mistake, please let me know so as not to waste my time or yours. If you are interested in finding a job, please take some time and read our offer, maybe this is exactly what you are looking for! I contacted you to find out if you are interested in the position of Payment Manager. We offer two options, full - time and part - time. You can also combine with other job. Our company offers great pay and exceptional rewards. Here is a job overview listed below. Core responsibilities: - core duties are to take care of bills from customers - process data files and give feedback on level of quality of data that affects our ability to satisfy our client needs Requirements and skills: - willingness to do the job in a very creative conditions - excellent oral and written contact, skills for all stages of the organization - basic level laptop or computer knowledge such as Microsoft word - ability to travel in some cases (currently available) - candidate must be at least 18 years old We provide competitive compensation and bonus deals, such as: - paid holidays - insurance coverage - full medical cover - career growth and opportunities - salary increase Estimated salary rate plus benefits: - $38.40 / per hour, Full - Time - $34.40 / per hour, Part - Time Languages: - Health Insurance packages: - medical insurance - dental insurance - vision insurance - treatment of injuries and diseases on an accident or special basis Vacation: - up to 10 days a year in the first year of work - up to 14 days a year after one year of work - up to three weeks a year after five years of work     Please describe your interest on a 10-point scale where 1 is not at all interested, and 10 is absolutely interested. Based on your answer, I can understand whether it is worth sending detailed information about the vacancy and continuing the hiring process. Me: If you are interested: Yes, 10. If you are not interested: Not, 1     If you are interested in this position I will send you detailed information about the company, location and position. Best regards, Hazel Campbell Company name: Ransford Logistics Service Industry: International Logistics Service Company number: +1 (720) 679-8158 Company website: ransfordservice.com
A simple 15 minute interview with a girl from their age group - Anna Dawson occurred and 2 days later I received a job offer and contract which i signed and returned. After 4 days of their training I received an email asking if I could help them to purchase office equipment - radios and phones. They wanted me to set up a corporate account and they would transfer funds to my account so I could then use my credit card to purchase the equipment using the funds to pay the against the credit card. At this point I became suspicious and tried looking up members of the company on file from their websites, their places of business etc and nothing hit. The main contact is an individual called Leon Berg who does have a bank account:https://www.linkedin.com/in/en-berg-2531291a7/ I have called their offices repeatedly with no answer, it just rings and rings.
Mail package.
I was approached by this company to do online work from home. Job included shipping, receiving and sales. I worked for the company for 7 weeks without pay. They have not paid me for my time. Once I started to request my pay my supervisor showed me no response from her for 6 days. I contacted financial support and the day after I sent the message they blocked me from logging in. I have sent numerous emails to you and still no response.
She texted out of the blue asking me to call.  So wasuro  texted and asked to call her about an interview, but she was  not in a meeting about  every time I called. They schedule you for a job meeting interview but don't tell you what the position is, or what the company does other than  do it is s leadership working with many companies do. I asked if they had a website and she said  So it's under construction until tomorrow afternoon but...Immediately after the interview I'd scheduled. I found tons of reviews of it being a bar before I went further.
My sister was contacted by a work from home company https://sunrisebreezeinsurance.com/. Started employment about 3 weeks ago and was informed that her role will be an independent quality inspector. She was informed that she will receive packages and inspect for damages, document it and return the package back. Her compensation would be about $2300 monthly and $30 for every task completed. She has received about 8 packages so far. At the 7th packaged she was informed to present to UPS with a authorization letter along side a copy of a US passport. This information was new to her. When she went to UPS this week to pick up the package with the letter she was told by the clerk that it was fraud. We realized that there was a shipping line that was covered on the box with a contact number. When we called the number ( 678-634-1976) a man was picked up and informed us that she had been a victim and her package was delivered. I informed her that we notified the authorities and she thanked us. Twenty miles later we got a call from 678-945-2964 a guy claiming to work for me with employee badge number 2119428. He was wondering about the package and if he could pick it up. I told him that we would like to hand the packages in to the authorities. HE called me a bitch and hung up the phone. I recorded all conversations and also we have all the email correspondence for the employment process. We also have pictures of shipping labels. I suspect that Karen Smith is a fictitious name. We have three brand new radios and a camera system that we plan to turn into the police department this week once a report is filed. I am reporting this so no one falls victim to this kind of organized crime. Below is the initial email I received from greg@ganovital.com.au Our HR Department came across your profile in a search for new applicants and your name and previous experience conform with what we do. We are professionals on the market in providing condition and quality audit, evaluation and supervision of return claims from multiple online vendors, wholesale traders and merchants. We have a position for an Independent Package Analyst who provides inspection, inspection and pricing of return goods, addresses quantities and makes reports on items' condition. This is a telecommuting position, all work duties are done online from home, thus independence and scrupulousness are important attributes a candidate must prove to succeed in this job, nevertheless personal guidance, instruction and aid will be provided. The candidate must be a US citizen, have 24\7 internet access, basic computer skills, a phone with a camera and a printer. Be able to print documents, receive and ship packages. We have salary $2,500 per month, 1099-K structure and a generous benefits package, which includes full health insurance and 401(k). Work schedule is daily, and tied to weekdays. To get more detail just reply to this email. Best regards,
I was looking online for Career Career Opportunities for my son, who lives in West Virgina.  I put in the search machine back in West Virginia.  This site...-JOBS and it proceeded with Careers at Work....What is Hiring Near You....APPLY!! As I proceeded to fill out an application for my son, it caught my eye that there were asking to $39 to register and get processed quicker.  So I proceeded to pay the $39 and then my Bank contacted me about strange activity.  At this point I ended the application and requested a Chat with a live person.  To no avail, no one ever answered.  After I placed the question about the possibility of it being a dream, they shut the Chat  down on me.  I then contacted one of the Managers at my local bank and was instructed not to further use that site and go to the ONLY site where you can place an application.  These people need to be found and prosecuted!
This was his initial email Good day..I'm Don Luis Smith, And welcome to Accord Healthcare Our H.R. reviewed  and  shortlisted your Resume for an online interview. If interested in a   Customer Service,  Data entry,  Administrative assistant position, reply. (YES I AM). The next several contacts is below in attachment as screen shots.

This is the text"Hi            ... This is Ms Jeams Maxim from Pharma Packaging Solutions (PPS)) We are calling you regarding your Application Posted on Careerbuilder Resumes)Do you still need a Job?" Think it is a dream. Please check on this.
Hi there is the same message. First they said" is this Adele Chang" then I said "Who is this" he then sent me this."I am Mr Dwayne Hughes. and I'm CHIEF COMMUNICATIONS OFFICER from( Google, Inc.)Our recruitment team has reviewed your application posted Online.Okay?" I believe this is a trap. Can you look into this.
This company will lure people in with promises of Marketing and Promotions Specialist, Event Coordinator, Executive Manager, etc. All of the jobs listed are actually the same thing. In reality, the job is a sales at a Sam's club. They will make you drive to different Sam's clubs in Austin and you have to bother people into trying and buying useless products. They run the show on purpose.
I was offered a job by a lady named Janet. I signed an acceptance letter. I was told I would be paid on a bi-weekly basis. $2,785 every 2 weeks, plus commission I made on purchases. The purchases had to be made on personal credit cards during the 2 week holiday period. They pay off your credit cards with a company card. They provide the banking information to you. I was suppose to get paid on August 7th, I still have not gotten paid. No one will return my emails. I was given my own  unique personal manager role. Her name is Angelica Brown. She will only be in contact by email. No one calls you, EVER! I've had payments reversed on my credit cards, and credit cards completely shut down because of it. When I try to have someone fix the issue, no one will email me back.
I received an email for job offer from a listing that I applied for on Twitter. "Hello! We are happy to offer you the full-time position of Quality Control Inspector at anV Design. We believe your skills and experience are an excellent match for our company. Please check out Position Decription attached to this email and respond to us with the best contact phone number to reach you out for an interview if you believe that this job is exactly what you've been looking for! Fell free to contact me if you have any questions Regards, Alice Buford" The job description was a short attachment with this description: "GENERAL JOB DESCRIPTION "  "  design is a third-party logistics ("IT") service provider, specialized in handling inventory for Amazon FBA servers. We help brand owners and entrepreneurs scale their businesses and improve operations by reducing inventory handling. Through an W  design, anyone can leverage the full power of a commercial warehouse and labor force on an as-needed, pay per-unit basis, with no contracts. On of the most popular direction of our business is the Inspection. The risk of sending a product straight from manufacturer can easily increase the potential for savings. Because of health and reputation problems. That's where we come in. We inspect shipment and identify any potential problems, check goods to ensure that they meet Amazon standards. As this kind of services is getting more and more popular with our international customers, we are focused at hiring new Quality Control Inspectors to receive and inspect packages. COMPENSATION Trial Period Salary: $2,500 Extra Bonus:  Items Inspection  $50/package During your training you will inspect about 30 equipment. In this way, let's count: $2,500 (Trial Period Salary) + $1,500 (for 30 Inspected Children) Total: $ 4,000. Not bad for the first month, right? Plus, we are going to some (reasonable) amount of your gas expenses you could face while delivering received items to the post office. But, if you're not in it for those terms, here is one more: we don't wear suits and ties! Jeans, t-shirts, jeans and sometimes a neon safety vest will be your daily outfit. JOB ACTIVITIES As you may understand from the information above, your main duty in first month is Package Inspection activities. In this way, you need to use your own address to receive emails and some space for storage. In some cases, you could be asked to pick up items personally from the post office. You would be notified about this in advance. LET'S REPEAT 1.	Receive packages at home and pick-up packages from store and postal locations within 15 miles area  2.	/ / open up the package  3.	Scan the package/specification from the store containing details, quantity of items and their price and remove all papers from the package  4.	Check goods to ensure that they meet Amazon standards 5.	Upload the scanned documents (the one from the store and the reception form and photo your inspection work) to your control panel. Now your supervisor can see that you have received the item and will provide you with a proper shipping label for further processing of the item you have received/picked up. You are supposed to print the label, go to post office, give the post office clerk the goods in their original packaging as well as the printed product label. " It sounded suspicious to me so I looked up employment forms and this falls under a popular method referred to as a "security" scheme.
I have been applying for tons of jobs lately - mainly Work-From-Home positions in light of the news. I was skeptical at first about this position that would ship packages to your house to quality check before shipping them to their final locations. I agreed to a phone interview for a chance to ask my questions. Why would a company willingly add time and money to their shipping route just to quality check... why not just do that before shipping? They made it seem like the types of packages I would be checking and re-shipping are from smaller businesses that can't afford to lose customers because of occasional mistakes or damages between leaving the retailer and being received by the customer. This would be a way to fix any issues before getting to the customers so they don't lose future business or receive bad reviews. This made a little more sense and I could understand for small businesses that this could be a very useful tool. (Though it still wouldn't save something from being damaged between me and the customer but I guess I was hopeful that people might actually still look out for the best for others.) I received a conditional offer for a contract period of 30 days where I would receive my first payment after the 30 days. If my work was satisfactory, they would then offer me a permanent position with the company at a higher rate of pay ($3,000 - $3,100 a month available bi-weekly or as a lump monthly payment. The $100 as required for packaging items such as tape, labels, printer ink, etc.) After sending them proof that I live where I live (Driver's license or utility bill addressed to me at my current address), they then would report back within 3 days to let me know if I am accepted for the position on a provisional basis. I received the confirmation on Friday and acted as directed and to continue the process. It all seemed very new on their website. They gave me a temporary password, a direct manager who sent me instructions on how to navigate their "job" page where I could chat with the supervisor and receive my employment plans and assignments after training. I should be receiving a call from the manager to go through what I read in the directions and to ask any questions I have about those directions. I still had a gut feeling that I'm getting in too deep to something. so I contacted the chat on BBB.org (THANK YOU,       !) to double check again. The company didn't come up in the search originally so I checked with the chat and they did some background digging... So now I'm working on making sure nothing is going to happen with the info I gave Joower.com's Jon Lambert or Michelle Lambert.
I received an email from a woman claiming to work with the rapper  known as King. She sent me an email via my website, and I thought it was weird. She was looking to hire a model for his film shoot that is filming in LA on 17th and the 18th. She told me I would get paid three thousand dollars, and they would pay for any other expenses. All I had to do was send some video's over of me doing a hip roll. As an actress I thought, "this could be a good opportunity", so I sent a video over. It was harmless, I had a bathing suit on and did some hip rolls. After sending the first email, she came back to me again, explaining the entire opportunity and that he himself wanted me in his video. He wanted me to be more beautiful and seductive, and against my better judgement I sent another video over. Almost immediately after sending that, I got another email stating that I needed to be even more seductive and that Ryan was fascinated by me. They also claimed that he would write me a final letter to Wilhelmina. They wanted me to send more video's and I said I would not continue to send video's into the night. Shortly after that I got an email from Wilhelmina, and then another email from them saying that he really wanted me to be his main girl. They wanted me to send more video's and they offered to give me more information about them. I stopped responding after that. Not only do I feel disgusting for sending over a sexy lady video of myself but I feel so incredibly stupid that I fell for this. If this is a case they need to be stopped, and if they aren't someone needs to send emails in a more professional way. Thank you
Sent an email to me offering an online interview through Facebook. Contacted the "hiring manager" Theresa McPherson. She conducted a normal online interview. Then came time to move forward. She INSISTED I make a partial payment of $1000 for the office supplies. When initially I was told a check would be made for the supplies. When I questioned this she got very agitated. I finally got her to send a check through email. To deposit it through her bank account because my bank was not compatible. Once we got the email she was then agitated that I would not be on the same timeline as the other employees.  Then proceeded to try and talk me into making a payment. She threatened to fill the position with another candidate. Stated that I was "playing games"  and  that she "wasted her time on me" She continued on this hostile road, periodically asking "Are you ready to make the partial payment now? You will be rewarded!" This was just crazy! I've never been through anything quite like it. After everything I withdrew my interest and she agreed. Then she waited about 30 minutes and apologized for her aggressive response to me and was I ready to move forward. Heck no! Because of this person
I got told by random people twice about how this company wants me to do a good work with them and they're looking for brand names. I later did my research  to find out that this company is fake and many others have had the same idea.
I received this email shutterflyphotojob@gmail.com, from someone claiming to be Jennifer Barnes from Seattle with a job offer as a product photographer for Disney. The email at the end said welcome to Twitter and then stated I need to contact Merek McDonald through the Twitter app for an interview. I thought it was odd to do an interview for a job position offer through email on an app. This person asked me my full name and address and typical interview questions but the response would take up to an hour-long. This person said I would be paid by direct deposit and wanted to know what bank I used. I named the bank. The person asked if I used any other banks. I thought that was an odd question. I answered no. The person stated the pay and benefits which were all amazing. The person asked do I understand everything discussed so far and said they would send me a check to buy the required photo gear items: Sony HD camera body, Tripod, Sony pro 2018, 13 inch, MyStudio VS530 studio monitor, video timer (for logging hours). I looked up the MyStudio 30 studio monitor and it's very small, it did not mention lenses, just the camera body and a 2018 Macbook pro (why a 2018 model? This happened in the year 2020). This was looking suspicious. I looked at the email again and noticed it was a Gmail account. It is a major company and would never use a Gmail address for their business. The person said they will send me a check so I can purchase the equipment from a selected vendor through the dealer who said this is a test of trust/ability to follow instructions. It would ask me if I understand as if this was for following a secret assignment. I texted back asking to meet in-person about this at the home office. The response was no. I texted back, it would be easier to understand if we can meet in-person at the home office. I'll call him at the outer office and I can come by anytime. There was no response after that. It was odd there was no in-person meeting to welcome and offer me the job and sign any paperwork. Asking if I had other banks was very much making me feel they had a plan to bust my bank account.
They will ask you to download them and add there company name go through the whole process acting like a company asking information bank for info if u have cash app  saying g it will be work from home and they will send money to you for work supplies. No visual contact just text. Money will be taken with out notice. Be very skeptical.
Hi There, we worked for this time with 60 agents from Europe and after working 80 days he didnot pay our company. please let me us know again if you guys need more proof.
I purchased an outfit from this online store. Received a order. It was not what I ordered. I decided to Google search the image only to find out that the picture was stolen off of another online store (Kleauxkouture). Not only was that picture stolen from another house, EVERY picture is stolen. I called them, (I saved every email) to ask for a return process for a letter because It's not what I paid for. They called me back and asked if they offered me a cheat code for my next order as compensation, would I keep it. I told them absolutely not. What I paid for is not what I received, I would never spend another penny with them. And this is the email I received back here, I copy and post it . If not you just want us to return,we all are not afraid but you also should not pay us for, the new are is,the new the that is not also is very not expensive,,It is is just not so think,how else don't you just think, about is it is? We who are so sorry but for us the same inconvenience has caused us for not you!.   They hate me, but they want me to pay more money to get my money. WOW. Five or emails later they offered me 5 dollars and a credit code off my next order. I explained to them that this was personal and I would not like to do business with them again. I was then offered 3 dollars and a Morse code.I have emails from other customers, and they sent the same exact email. But that's not even the worst part, even though I ordered clothing from the shopping bastards, the clerk entered the transaction as needed so I couldn't dispute the transaction with my bank. So clearly they've been doing this a long time. A lot of people have been warned and when they leave a review or try to warn people, the police rejects the comment then block the customer. Trying to get your money back is a nightmare, the child protection that PayPal offer is also a nightmare, even with proof. And according to others who you s went through the same thing just give up, because of all the back and forward mess.
Received text employment opportunity from Budlight or budweisercorp regarding advertising positions for 500.00 dollars a week. Will send you a check for you to deposit to your account and verify with them! To place that on your car!..
This company promises job opportunities and first your ask for all your personal information. They ask your legal name, date of birth, social security number, class A license number, drivers license number, address and phone. Then you never hear from them again after you you ve given all your personal information. We had a few different people contact them and the same exact thing happened gave all personal information and then they say they will call you bit they never do. And they stop answering the phone or messages.
The company contacted me via text about a job offer from Kaplan,Inc. Explaining that the job pays $15/h for training, then $30/h afterwards. They communicated through Skype stating the position was work-from-Home and they would cover the costs of the equipment. I went through a long ordeal with purchasing gift cards with the 1st check sent and sending money through CashApp. The checks they sent ending up being checks that left my bank account in the negative totaling $4,858.93.
I received an email from the email listed above stating that I am offered a job starting at $35.00 an hour. They said they got my resume from Career Builder and I would have to download the entire app and message their hiring manager when I'm ready. During the  video interview done  via text message, I noticed that a lot of her responses were instant even though they were long responses. She referred to an actual company website so I thought it might be useful until I read more into employment terms.
They claimed to be a company recruiting workers to work from home doing data entry, medical imaging, customer service, administrative assistant etc. the job was to pay $22 an hour with benefits. I found the original listing on a book sale sight. The woman's profile looked like showing she went to a nearby college and high school, and listing the company as her employer. She referred me to the  local job with,  to find out about the position and interview on the pages. They expected me to buy a card to connect with other people in the company for training. I was also  supposed to buy loads of software to do the job. All was to be returned via direct deposit. They wanted direct deposit information, name, address, and a picture after being  a hired out. They pressed me to buy the card right away so I could start the training the next morning. After I got suspicious the woman sent me a photo of her ID to ease my concerns.
I applied for a job on a machines and someone named Joe contacted me for an interview with a company who did a real interview. Then she called me back the next day to offer me the job. Needed me to send her my personal info along with personal and social. I did without thinking. Then a newr sends me on board papers with no time frame of how long the contract job was and needs my banking info. After I looked up this company and started calling numbers I realized all people who answered the phone sounded like they were from India. Then when she calls me back its from a web based phone number. I asked for a security site to provide my info and they said they did not do their boarding that way. I then got an email from Josh asking for my info. but the written language was not correct. Im am now concerned because they have my birthday and social security number.
I applied for a job on a machines and someone named Joe contacted me for an interview with a company who did a real interview. Then she called me back the next day to offer me the job. Needed me to send her my personal info along with personal and social. I did without thinking. Then a newr sends me on board papers with no time frame of how long the contract job was and needs my banking info. After I looked up this company and started calling numbers I realized all people who answered the phone sounded like they were from India. Then when she calls me back its from a web based phone number. I asked for a security site to provide my info and they said they did not do their boarding that way. I then got an email from Josh asking for my info. but the written language was not correct. Im am now concerned because they have my birthday and social security number.
They had a job listing on indeed I applied and got an interview and the job. They they then asked for all my information including bank account information and ID. they started sending me packages to receive and send. After a month I was supposed to get paid and it never happened, they cut off all communications and they phone number they gave me sounds disconnected. They did call me once to verify info, I don't remember if they asked for my social.
I got a job offer by message ask me to submit my resume and cover letter. They have taken a long process like very real. Such as check my background report and my credit score. I have worked as a purchasing buying laptop from BestBuy and sent it to Hong Kong by my credit card. They offer to use their account to pay off. After I bought the products they paid it off then I made priority International shipment by FedEx. One day I got a message from a credit card that the post-payment was declined from the bank. The credit card company told me they are a fraud. I have to pay for all the order I delivered to Hong Kong by myself. I found the other two people have the same fraud with me.
Quality job.  They mail packages  to you. You check contents  and labels  along with the employee application  online. They email you a new label and you ship it out. Pay is $3000 a month. First month is a price you get paid at the end of the month.  Today would be the end of my final period. I no longer have access to the employee application.  The supervisor hasn't returned any emails or calls.

Was contacted via text about employment that my resume was pulled via  ..  p I was given    ID to contact, to conduct interview via Skype, but turned out to be Skype message only.  Was hired at $49.87 an hour and would work from house. Was told I was hired by legitimate company out of    that was expanding to the U.S. and would work from home until offices are built.  I was told company would purchase equipment for me and would be sent a check from corporate to purchase equipment. I was    a check overnight from an address in    with a banker's check from a    in    with a letter from the Senior Accounting Officer, with no letters from the company, to deposit the check via mail and get a copy of the account back to them. I took the check to my bank and had them verify it was fake.  The person who interviewed me was  .
This is a suspected case because my bank is reviewing the legitimacy of the check. I cannot confirm it is, though there are signs. I first saw an ad for a job posting and proceeded to direct message the person that posted it, they gave me to info to reach out to the hiring manager on Google Hangouts. They interviewed me through text and I was given the job, then they told me that they are sending me my materials by mail to me and wanted me to print out a check, and once the money attached to my account, I sent money through Zelle. But then the bank went back to verify the check and sent my account into the mail.
I got a message from my friend on duty..  She said Aetna is hiring work from home data entry workers. I told her I was interested, later I got a text from Mr. Henry, a hiring manager with Aetna Company, he is in Hartford, Ohio..  He told me a lot about his background but nothing about the job offered..  There was mention of sending me money to buy my supplies but no details.
1. I applied to a job posting on Indeed.com for a remote Data Entry Clerk that paid $25/hour.  2. I was invited to interview by "Michael Bronowicki" via email @ resumedesk2016@hotmail.com. The interview was to be conducted via Google and with "Mr. Christopher Workman" (mrchristopherworkman2020@gmail.com) on 8/6 at 9am.  3. I interviewed for the position, answering basic questions and "fit" questions.  4. I received a job offer in my email, from info@grouppharmaceuticals.com. I signed and returned the job offer with my    new driver's license attached. They have all of the information about me from my license, as well my cell phone number and email address. I was to report to "Google" on the again the following morning at 9am.  5. "Christopher" informed me I will be receiving a check delivered by FedEx to my address to purchase office equipment from their vendors. 6. I asked "Christopher" to verify this was not a case since there was no evidence that any of the individuals actually existed. (checked LinkedIn profiles, etc.). I asked for a signed card with company details from the hiring manager. He replied saying he will get it to me next week. At this point, I knew I was being stalked and am now reporting to the FTC and BBB.
I was contacted by email about an assistant position with the company and was immediately sent a check in the mail without signing any contract or filling out any tax paperwork for the company the check was nearly $5000 and I received a text message asking me to submit the check or deposit to deposit the check immediately and send a request/confirmation that the check has been deposited back to the company immediately
I received a message through LinkedIn and from a contact that I knew asked me for a part-time job. I clicked on it and filled out the info to apply. Then I got my first assignment via email from Kimberly advising me I would be receiving a check to buy gift cards and to rate the customer service experience. For my services, my commission would be $350. Now that I'm writing this I can't believe that I fell for it. I received the check and the check is from Santander Bank and it is s a personal check from Jean J. Paul and Susan at 154 Delaware Trl, Paterson, NJ 08701. I then went back on LinkedIn where my contact wrote that his account was blocked. So thank God I didn't cash the check.
I received an email from a so called manager of the company, offering a "fundraising agent" position. The salary is $4800/- plus commission. After filling out an application I researched the company and there is absolutely nothing about them. The website is very professionally done but other than that, nothing. None of the executives shown on the site have Linkedin profiles. There is no answer when calling the phone numbers and when someone called me, caller ID came up as unknown and the person on the line had a foreign accent. They sent an employment contract and direct deposit form to fill out and send back, which I did not. The address in Helena Montana is a church and the Quebec address looks like some sort of shopping mall on top. I'm pretty confident that this is a man trying to get personal information. Also, the website itself, trying to steal money from people who would donate to worthy causes.
I received both an email and text message from Mr Jones at 214-997-5060 advising me to contact the hiring manager William Richard on WhatsApp at 1-762-338-1460 for an interview.  I expressed my concern about it being a dream and was assured that it was not.  Long story short I spent about an hour sitting on WhatsApp with William with what seemed to be a normal interview with no questioning.  THEN  the financial questions started first with, How would I like to be paid, weekly or bi-weekly? next: What means of payment do I prefer (check,direct deposit, or credit card). THEN, What bank do I operate with and do I have a credit card?  Really??? I asked, why does that matter?I was told that I am required to answer the question.  I told him that who I bank with and my credit card status is my confidential information that I will not be sharing with a complete stranger and that the interview sounds like a dream and then he told me I was stupid and a big waste of time!?!?! I told him that NOBODY asks about bank names and credit cards during an interview and a true professional does not tell the person they are thinking that they are stupid.  I told him I cannot be that stupid because I saw through the door and was going to report him.  Prior to the interview I called the company and they look great but also told him that even if it were legitimate I was going to contact Hay's headquarters and report him.  He then told me to "F" off!!! I also reported the conversation to WhatsApp as well.
I was promised $2,850 on a contract to hire basis. I had two short interviews and then sent various emails explaining the process. They asked me for a job and gave me a new unit to track packages. I was to work from home and check in to the database very soon to 1 hour. I was hired at the beginning of June but my hours didn't count until I had processed my first order which was later in June. 1 month from the date I was supposed to be paid, they said the postal service would take 10-14 days. It has been more than 14 days and no payment has been received. When asking for check verification their response is a valid no. They say they will re-mail it and it will take up to another 14 days. I know work from home positions are dangerous right now, but I truly advise you to stay away from this company at all cost.
A fast-growing based in the United States delivery partner seeks reliable working at home agents to become a part of their shipping network. It is a permanent job with a pay of $2700 monthly. Job Details: - Monitor the company online account for incoming packages regularly. - Be available at your residential address during business hours Monday through Friday to receive packages. Packages will come through Visa, USPS, and UPS and can include anything from consumer electronics to fashion items. - Verify the photos if the match the description, take pictures and submit via employee account. - Divide or combine items into shipping lots using the information uploaded. - Send out items at FedEx local facility with pre-paid labels. Requirements: - US residential address is necessary. - This is a full-time position. You are required to be at your address from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. - Past education in Shipping is not necessary, the company is ready to provide training. - Be responsible for your tasks and perform as efficient as you can. - Ability to process at least 35 lbs Eager to try? Please answer this letter. Best regards,               
This company wants me to purchase products with my credit card and get paid monthly, not through a check but via p2p (payment to that card). this was the 2nd email. Hello George Lauer, The web page is: http://vasservs.com/ AnH organization's main branch is physically located in New Castle, DE. We are general affiliates of Amazon FBA movement. We believe in assisting organizations that are connected to Amazon FBA with maintaining cache, sending, and regulation of products that these organizations acquire or create along with assisting with placing orders and keeping consistent supply from vendors. We own several warehouses in the US and globally. Our enterprise also provides customer assistance through telephone and on the web to all the clients globally. Buying and shipping employee opening that we are offering to you includes obtaining merchandise or funds from the organization for purchasing needed items that are often out of stock, including the demanded amount of damage-controlled, properly packaged,photographed, reported, put together (if demanded) and organized items that have the correct shipping labels on them by that time and re-sending them to certain warehouses based on on customer's location and directions. You will be getting orders or buying necessary and required products with the supplied money. Normally, we have plenty of possibilities of providing finance to our employees which would include wire or ACH direct deposit options, Pay Tax or a lot of others, but at this certain time, the most comfortable and quick way for us is to transfer funds are p2p bill payments that go to recipient's credit card accounts due to that we have recently begun co-operating with different firms that help to make these type of transactions. The vacancy that we propose is set for a settled monthly annual payment which involves $2,500 amount which is being sent to employee's account each 30 days since the day when the initial assignment was done by the employee.There is an advance amount of $500 being sent to the worker with the first deposit attached to a credit card. That creates a total of $3,000 monthly salary payment. The agent also gets quick bonus payments for every task that has been accomplished within 24 hours since the particular directions were provided by the management (postal label provided for booking and printing out). The job opening requires a high school or upper education, good communication abilities, capability to use internet easily on the regular basis (Web or Laptop is comparable to mobile phones and tablets), ability to print out documents, being available via phone during daily business hours, possessing a stable street address, having a credit card account with a decent daily limit for buying or cash withdrawal (at least or more than $500 limit for buying daily),being a decent team member, being located in the United States. Working hours can be floating, the position can exist as an additional income for the employee in case if there is a possibility to get daytime shifts without them being missed and an opportunity to have 20-30 daily business hours weekly (apart from Weekends) dedicated to the position. The employee does not have to drive or go far to send packages to customers himself or herself. Local post office, UPS, FedEx or DHL locations are to be used for sending mail out. We supply pre-paid shipping labels. We don't ask for any out-of-pocket fees to get involved. We are a well-established, reliable and reliable company, that has been constantly working for more than seven years in this environment. We guarantee our full commitment to the Work Contract. We expect our workers to act in the same way. Let us know if you would wish to begin the proposed position by reading back to this proposal. The enterprise will answer with the official invitation message and will send a working agreement for your approval and further decision making. We can also forward you the link which can be utilized for moving forward with the application for this job online at our website. Please, make us aware if you would be interested. Thank you for your attention. If your email address(ggftp79@gmail.com) has received this message by a mistake, please, click here to see Monday, August 3, 2020, 11:05:18 PM, You wrote: Do you have a website, phone number, address, tax ID number?
Bayton Logistics!!! Is fake today was the day for me to receive my payment however like others I have not received my check. Like others I had packages coming to me, all of the information matches up to the previous of other people who fell for this       man. However, I am NOT locked out of my account/database. I received a call from Amy this morning going over that a package would be arriving today, I asked her about my check and she said that it is still being processed. I called the main line to " My Logistics" received a call back saying asking what my way to receive my payment was, I told the lady and she said that it will be worked on!

I found a decent looking job offer on Indeed.com and applied through the Indeed website. A few days later I receive an email from Shelly         the  new hiring manager to                                   , that I should forward my resume to                          her for further instruction. After I called that address I received an email starting that the original position that I applied for has been filled, but he was looking for a personal assistant and I'm the only one qualified. He went to say that I would be paid $800/week and would raise to $1000/week depending on how I delivered my duties. Some of the job responsibilities were handling his personal finances. He seemed very trusting for a stranger to handle his personal finances without an interview or background check on me. He went on to say in the email that part of applying I need to send my address (no P.O. Box). He said we would talk more when he was back from his business trip.
I found a decent looking job ad on Indeed.com. In the job description it said to send all reports to                       , the  new hiring manager,  at Apex Systems. The next day I received an email stating that I received the job starting at $500/week. The letter goes on to say that they was no need for an interview because this was a remote part-time position. I went along with it and handed back a letter of acceptance. 30 minutes later I receive another email listing job responsibilities and that I would need to purchase some equipment to work from home such as a printer, computer, home phone, etc. The caller said he would send a check for $2950. $$2450 for equipment and $500 for the first weeks pay. Then asked my address and mobile number. At this point I knew it was a trap and reported it.
online team builders "can" collaborate together with the on presenting themselves as an employment opportunity, however  once the first 2 days are over then they begin saying this in not a job.  I was under the impression it was a job interview because I searched online for work from home part-time positions. As was called to schedule the interview after speaking with her I was asked to go through a few getting started interviews not much different than the normal orientation employers use to hire,  up until the 2nd series one is still under the impression that this a job interview until they begin saying this is not a job at the beginning of video 3. I moved forward because the presentation did sound like a good opportunity, once the last customer approaches they begin talking about a 199 or 450 start up fee. I was backing out when the host Ryan says hey if you are on a fixed income or don't have the cash to spend on hand right now, we have a work your way option. I asked the - and the "Mentor" about the work your way option she directed me to another door listing instructions on how the way option works I followed the instructions thinking okay Im rising above challenges and fears if they are going to work with me even though I don't have the cash that's up until I got to the last interview which was by phone with Kathy Jo Daley the supposed "Mentor" who asked me a few questions like an interview would such as why do you want to work from home. I gave my answers then immediately after she says we need to set up a date you can commit to so you can pay the remaining $170 even after I told her I just put my son through college so I'm looking for a position I can do without a whole bunch of stress to work on my off day so I would pay off the credit cards I made putting my son through his last year of college. immediately I was annoyed because the work your way option in my mind was supposed to have taken care of the amount they were asking to start the training. At that point I expressed that I felt bad because that small piece of information was omitted and misleading me to believe I was going to work my way into the game while in training, instead I was being required to come up with a date to pay the remaining balance that I didnot know existed because the doctor said this is the work your way option which lead me to believe I was going to work it off within the system. long story short I was shocked, when I called out the -je for this information thereby causing a scandal she became pregnant and in so many words told me it doesn't make or break her because she already has a payment from me so she doesn't care and I wasn't getting my money back even though I made my decision to give it a try based upon the fact that I would be able to work my way through according to the instructions on record. Long story short I was dead and my money just gone off into the back pockets THANK GOD I didnot pay the 199 or 450 they were trying to get from me before this occurred, As I've stated based upon the fact that I'd be able to work off the 199 is what lead me to go a little further. If they had not mentioned another option to join I would have opted out before paying 110.53 for a bottle of hand soap which is basically what I got out of this whole mess. An expensive lesson learned!  WHO DO NOT TAKE ANY CALLS OR EMAILS FROM ANNS AND ONLINE TEAM BUILDERS WHICH ARE ALSO CALL. they are CUT THROATER!!! DON'T DO IT!!!!
Provide a description of the incident and how you were treated. Provide information not captured elsewhere in this complaint form. I applied to a job on Indeed for an Executive Assistant position at a company called Allied Health. About a week or so later I was contacted via my associated email address with an offer for an interview and documentation on the company and the position. I was given instructions on how to proceed by setting up a profile on Wire.com and to connect with someone named "Tiffany Chu". I did this and she set up an interview time for me. She interviewed me entirely via chat, which I thought was strange. She said they would get back to me within a week. I was contacted a little after a week and offered the position and given more information about the operations of the company, the structure of the training process and expectations for the first two weeks. On Monday 8/3/2020 I began what they called "Pre-Training" with a woman named Emma Tabenkin. This all took place via wire and consisted mostly of testing my writing and communication skills. It all seemed very above board. It proceeded the same on 8/4/2020 at first and then took a sharp turn. They had told me previously that as a work remote position they helped with setting up a home office location and they would be sending funds so I could get it set up. On Tuesday (8/4) I was asked to print 2 checks and mobile deposit them so I could purchase the software/security system "online". Despite my irritation at the start of the process I got it done. Immediately they asked me about whether it was deposited. Then they asked me to proceed buying the software. This is where it gets really strange. I was asked to purchase 5 gift cards, from Nordstrom totaling the amount of $2215. I was persuaded into doing this by being forced into going to several different stores until I found them. They then asked me to send them pictures of the cards. I am sorry to say I did all of these things despite my extreme discomfort. It felt wrong and I felt extremely rushed into completing these tasks. I asked them many times to explain why I was doing this and told them many times I was tired and uncomfortable doing it. Emma Tabenkin said we could just pick up the next day, seeing my discomfort. Today I have done nothing but speak to them privately and research if this is a possible case. My bank froze my account today (8/5/2020). I haven't received confirmation on the information there quite yet but they are looking into the situation. (2) checks were mobile deposited totaling $4499.00 and $4490.00 respectively. I was then asked to purchase $2215 worth of Nordstrom gift cards which were broken out like this: (4) $500 (1) $215 At this point I have only really communicated with them until today but they continue to try and reach me via phone. Mainly with listed at the number 347-518-8023 I have possession of all of this communication as well as every gift and gift card still saved.
Got an offer for a job at Media Lab. They send me emails and asked me to conduct an interview through local hang outs. I spoke with a man who claimed his name was John Baxter. I was suppose to fill out forms, with all my information and bank information and sent it back to them. They also sent me a check to pay for the software and supplies I needed to complete the job. They said this was a way to form trust between them and me. When I received the check it said from Retina Group Chicago. I called the bank and they let me know they had received many complaints and failed checks from this business.
Reached out through 3rd party agency for employment. Extremely vague interview process claiming they have huge clients yet could not state what they really did. Address location does not have a legal business name and is listed incorrectly or inconsistent with the company that reached out.
I was texted by a random number. Following a couple and conversation to send me a check to buy an computer and software for my job to make.
I worked for this company for almost 2 months with no pay. I was told that my job was to inspect incoming packages and review them using the label that they would provide. I'm am afraid that I have been used as part of a credit card fraud operations.

I found the company on an employment search site while looking for a remote job during COVID-19. I was freshly out of college and was looking for full-time employment. I ended up getting contacted by Mitch Benson to get an interview. He sent over the interview questions as well as the work contract to give an idea of my responsibilities and the rules of the company. My mother and I had done prior research on the computer to make sure it was clean and the website and information we had found was secure. Some time had passed and I had gotten "hired," I had given them my bank routing number and account number to set up my direct deposit, they had informed me that the first few checks they would send to me would be paper until they could get my direct deposit set up. I had to purchase equipment for the job and was done through a "private vendor," I had to buy little things like phones, work laptop, a printer and other things needed to do my job. I had informed them I did not have the money up front to pay so they said they will give me the money to purchase the equipment. Then they had sent me a total of three checks in the mail and shortly after that a withdrawal that I did not make was made and my account was over $1,400 I was able to pay it off.
FIRST EMAIL : My department hr@premiumlogisticsusa.com via sendgrid.net Friday, Jul 24, 12:52 PM (12 days ago) to me Shipping Agent position We appreciate your interest in joining our company. Below, you you ll find the details of the Shipping Agent position outlined, along with the expected duties and an explanation of our hiring procedure. Premium Logistics USA is a tech-enabled third-party logistics company which provides online mail management and e-commerce logistics solutions. Our innovative approach to shipping gives our customers access to a large network of U.S. suppliers and retail partners in addition to the best shipping rates we can negotiate. Starting logistics operations in the U.S. can often be complex, but our selection process makes setting international distribution easy. Here are just a few examples of who our clients are:? International companies that buy products from U.S. suppliers for distribution in other countries and need their products prepared and consolidated before shipping internationally in order to meet foreign import regulations.? Amazon states that, according to Amazon regulations, need to have their products inspected and prepared according to guidelines before sending their products to Amazon customer centers.? Amazon stores that need inspection and processing of their buyer returns before sending the products back to Amazon.? Any business that needs to establish a U.S.-based location to help make wholesale buying, shipping, and financial arrangements easier.? Companies and individuals that want to buy goods from U.S. retailers online that will not ship overseas or consumers that wish to complete all their U.S. purchases before shipping internationally in order to save money. We have shipping agents located all over the U.S., and they keep our logistics network running. The decentralized operations help us save money by removing the need for central warehouses and facilities. Instead, our shipping agents work from the comfort of their own home or office, giving them flexibility and us the ability to pass the savings onto our clients. How the Process Works? Clients are provided with a real U.S. address. This address corresponds to one of our U.S. shipping agents.? Once the products are shipped, they are delivered to the address of the shipping agent. The agent will post photos of the outer packaging to the online platform. If there are any special instructions for product handling, the agent then takes care of the requests, such inspection, re-packaging, consolidation.? Then the agent uses a private shipping label provided by our company to ship the package to the customer. Duties? Be available at your address to receive orders Monday through Friday, 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. There may be times when agents will be required to leave their location to pick up products from stores or the post office.? Check in with your supervisor regularly through the employee portal.? Be able to receive as many as five letters a day.? Practice and maintain safety, privacy, and quality standards.? Be detailed in product condition assessment, when preparing reports or taking photos to verify packages.? Professionally prepare and distribute packages for shipping in a manner that keeps the items in brand-new condition.? Ship packages from one of the company's shipping partners: USPS, FedEx, or UPS. Requirements? A valid U.S. address. It may be either a home or business address.? Reliable transportation for large packages or multiple packages.? Be capable of lifting heavy or bulk packages up to 30 pounds.? Have reliable Internet as well as a computer and printer. Agents are responsible for supplying their own equipment.? The ability to work independently and stay self-motivated. We prefer employees that are driven, ambitious, and great at self-managing in return for a work-at-home career.? Must be able to pass a background check. We take the responsibility of handling our clients our  purchases very seriously, as well as their privacy. Compensation Our shipping agents receive $3,500 per month through direct deposit or PayPal. The first payment will be sent out after the first full month of work, as a security measure to guarantee our clients some  property safety. After the first full month, payments are made twice a month. We also report your work expenses, including shipping materials, gas, and Internet costs upon submission of expense report. There is no investment on your part. We will send you a W-2 form each year which will outline the taxes that have been raised. How to Start the Application Process Our shipping agents have lucrative careers that let them work from the comfort of their own homes. If you are interested in the Shipping Agent position and feel like it would fit your lifestyle, complete the online application through this link, and start the process today. https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ecGeM-NfJOAVv5Zm9xezteMdiPlei7VN8hN9tRawt88/ We will let you know within a week if we find your candidacy to be suitable for this position. Responses to requests about the position may take up to a week to be processed. If you have any questions, please reply to this email, or call us at: 407-627-1638. 2014, Jeff Walters, sales department, Premium Logistics USA Corp. SECOND EMAIL : We have reviewed your application. We are ready to get you on board, but on condition of another period of one month. This measure allows us to check in practice if a person is really capable of being a high performer in the remote work environment. During the training period our company will provide you on-the-job training. Your ability to perform the duties in accordance with the requirements of the training program will be evaluated by your supervisor. In the end of this period, you will receive a written confirmation which will inform you about the outcome of your training and your performance. During this period, you will earn $30 for every processed and dispatched package. These payments can made twice per month or more often upon your request. If you demonstrate personal motivation and high performance levels during the probation, you will have senior status and will be considered a senior employee with a salary of $3.500 a month. I hope you will find this necessary clause acceptable for you. The next step is to get your hiring documents processed. Please log in with the information provided below. In your account you will find your payment agreement. You will need to complete and submit the agreement and W-4 form through your account in order to get started. You can access your account through the following link: https://www.logistics-station.com/ Note:        Password:       Once we have your signed paperwork, you will be able to get acquainted with a comprehensive Shipping Agent manual in your account. We assume that you have carefully read the entire list of your duties and responsibilities, which you can find in the employment agreement. As soon as we process your documents, your supervisor will contact you to go over of your daily tasks and responsibilities in more detail. We hope you will love this opportunity. If you have any problems or something seems unclear, please feel free to contact us via e-mail or call 727-677-9140. -- 2000, Jeff Walters, Premium Logistics USA, Corp. THIRD EMAIL: Me: 1, Jul 30, 10:27 AM (6 days ago) to. Hi thank you for give me this big opportunity, I love it! I have all documents fulfilled, and I want before to send you it, be safe with my personal data,  and I want to ask you your business licenses because I want to check the business legitimate, because I will sending very sensitive information. You can share it with me? Thank you very much for your response and thanks in advanced interview THEN THEY STOPPED THE EMAIL CONTACT WITH ME AND OF COURSE THEY NOT SEND ANY BUSINESS CREDENTIALS
FIRST EMAIL : My department hr@premiumlogisticsusa.com via sendgrid.net Friday, Jul 24, 12:52 PM (12 days ago) to me Shipping Agent position We appreciate your interest in joining our company. Below, you you ll find the details of the Shipping Agent position outlined, along with the expected duties and an explanation of our hiring procedure. Premium Logistics USA is a tech-enabled third-party logistics company which provides online mail management and e-commerce logistics solutions. Our innovative approach to shipping gives our customers access to a large network of U.S. suppliers and retail partners in addition to the best shipping rates we can negotiate. Starting logistics operations in the U.S. can often be complex, but our selection process makes setting international distribution easy. Here are just a few examples of who our clients are:? International companies that buy products from U.S. suppliers for distribution in other countries and need their products prepared and consolidated before shipping internationally in order to meet foreign import regulations.? Amazon states that, according to Amazon regulations, need to have their products inspected and prepared according to guidelines before sending their products to Amazon customer centers.? Amazon stores that need inspection and processing of their buyer returns before sending the products back to Amazon.? Any business that needs to establish a U.S.-based location to help make wholesale buying, shipping, and financial arrangements easier.? Companies and individuals that want to buy goods from U.S. retailers online that will not ship overseas or consumers that wish to complete all their U.S. purchases before shipping internationally in order to save money. We have shipping agents located all over the U.S., and they keep our logistics network running. The decentralized operations help us save money by removing the need for central warehouses and facilities. Instead, our shipping agents work from the comfort of their own home or office, giving them flexibility and us the ability to pass the savings onto our clients. How the Process Works? Clients are provided with a real U.S. address. This address corresponds to one of our U.S. shipping agents.? Once the products are shipped, they are delivered to the address of the shipping agent. The agent will post photos of the outer packaging to the online platform. If there are any special instructions for product handling, the agent then takes care of the requests, such inspection, re-packaging, consolidation.? Then the agent uses a private shipping label provided by our company to ship the package to the customer. Duties? Be available at your address to receive orders Monday through Friday, 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. There may be times when agents will be required to leave their location to pick up products from stores or the post office.? Check in with your supervisor regularly through the employee portal.? Be able to receive as many as five letters a day.? Practice and maintain safety, privacy, and quality standards.? Be detailed in product condition assessment, when preparing reports or taking photos to verify packages.? Professionally prepare and distribute packages for shipping in a manner that keeps the items in brand-new condition.? Ship packages from one of the company's shipping partners: USPS, FedEx, or UPS. Requirements? A valid U.S. address. It may be either a home or business address.? Reliable transportation for large packages or multiple packages.? Be capable of lifting heavy or bulk packages up to 30 pounds.? Have reliable Internet as well as a computer and printer. Agents are responsible for supplying their own equipment.? The ability to work independently and stay self-motivated. We prefer employees that are driven, ambitious, and great at self-managing in return for a work-at-home career.? Must be able to pass a background check. We take the responsibility of handling our clients our  purchases very seriously, as well as their privacy. Compensation Our shipping agents receive $3,500 per month through direct deposit or PayPal. The first payment will be sent out after the first full month of work, as a security measure to guarantee our clients some  property safety. After the first full month, payments are made twice a month. We also report your work expenses, including shipping materials, gas, and Internet costs upon submission of expense report. There is no investment on your part. We will send you a W-2 form each year which will outline the taxes that have been raised. How to Start the Application Process Our shipping agents have lucrative careers that let them work from the comfort of their own homes. If you are interested in the Shipping Agent position and feel like it would fit your lifestyle, complete the online application through this link, and start the process today. https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ecGeM-NfJOAVv5Zm9xezteMdiPlei7VN8hN9tRawt88/ We will let you know within a week if we find your candidacy to be suitable for this position. Responses to requests about the position may take up to a week to be processed. If you have any questions, please reply to this email, or call us at: 407-627-1638. 2014, Jeff Walters, sales department, Premium Logistics USA Corp. SECOND EMAIL : We have reviewed your application. We are ready to get you on board, but on condition of another period of one month. This measure allows us to check in practice if a person is really capable of being a high performer in the remote work environment. During the training period our company will provide you on-the-job training. Your ability to perform the duties in accordance with the requirements of the training program will be evaluated by your supervisor. In the end of this period, you will receive a written confirmation which will inform you about the outcome of your training and your performance. During this period, you will earn $30 for every processed and dispatched package. These payments can made twice per month or more often upon your request. If you demonstrate personal motivation and high performance levels during the probation, you will have senior status and will be considered a senior employee with a salary of $3.500 a month. I hope you will find this necessary clause acceptable for you. The next step is to get your hiring documents processed. Please log in with the information provided below. In your account you will find your payment agreement. You will need to complete and submit the agreement and W-4 form through your account in order to get started. You can access your account through the following link: https://www.logistics-station.com/ Note:        Password:       Once we have your signed paperwork, you will be able to get acquainted with a comprehensive Shipping Agent manual in your account. We assume that you have carefully read the entire list of your duties and responsibilities, which you can find in the employment agreement. As soon as we process your documents, your supervisor will contact you to go over of your daily tasks and responsibilities in more detail. We hope you will love this opportunity. If you have any problems or something seems unclear, please feel free to contact us via e-mail or call 727-677-9140. -- 2000, Jeff Walters, Premium Logistics USA, Corp. THIRD EMAIL: Me: 1, Jul 30, 10:27 AM (6 days ago) to. Hi thank you for give me this big opportunity, I love it! I have all documents fulfilled, and I want before to send you it, be safe with my personal data,  and I want to ask you your business licenses because I want to check the business legitimate, because I will sending very sensitive information. You can share it with me? Thank you very much for your response and thanks in advanced interview THEN THEY STOPPED THE EMAIL CONTACT WITH ME AND OF COURSE THEY NOT SEND ANY BUSINESS CREDENTIALS
We are getting employment contracts from this law firm to work for Harris Henry Fudger estates. The whole process is suspicious as both the law firm and the employer websites are not working and the Google maps/Google earth shows something else. We want to know the truth about this.
She responded to a application I submitted for employment.  Called, left me a message, texted and then called me.  I responded to both the call and email saying i was interested in hearing more about the job.  She said they would submit my resume to client - did NOT ask for right to represent as most do (hint #1).  Within a few days, on a Saturday afternoon I got a text and email saying client was very interested and in the email it said, "We have got feedback of your choice which we have submit to the Client. they have selected your profile and eager to get you on board. but they have mentioned a small bump in your profile, they required Lean Six Sigma Green Belt Certificate as mentioned in the job description.You can go through the basic program as when you start working with the client, any kind of advance training will be provided by them on there end. Kindly send us this certificate(in process also acceptable). if you don't have so please find below online institutes links for the Lean Sixty Green Belt Certification needed as per the job description. You can choose the best option. please send us the enrollment request so that we can submit to the Client." (Hint #2) I researched the link in the email and found nothing about " https://academyelearn.com/course/lean-six-sigma-green-belt/"  So I went online - found an accredited Lean Sixty Certificate class, etc.  I sent that paid email for a class with SSGI (it was also much cheaper and provided a minimal discount code and processed like more payment sites)  The people would NOT accept this.  She responded via text and email.  Here's the response via email:  "As we discussed, SSGI is not acceptable by Nokia. You can go with the recommended institute by them.You can directly contact the institute for the discount offers as well. https://academyelearn.com/course/lean-six-sigma-green-belt/ Thanks! 1" (hint #3) I went to this site and asked if the $299 fee was acceptable and they said NO.  Recruiter had also mentioned a discount code so I asked the messenger if there was a discount code.  The messenger said no but would send me an.  I could not pay on the site (huh?? hint #4)  So I got the message about 15 minutes later via email. Meanwhile, I called the editor back, asking general broad questions about how the interview process works, etc. and got not response from my questions.  Instead, she said I needed to get the results from the link (online) and she would then continue "the process" - no details as to what the process was.  I did not pay for the "service" and although I got a few more texts from the secretary tell me we had to get this paid in to the client that day, have not heard back from her since.
I have been applying to jobs in the South Bend area since about March so when I received an email from Acme Consulting about an employment opportunity I was excited! The only problem was that I didn't apply there. The email had me sign up for a video interview slot which I did and I sent an email to the editor to confirm. My reason that this job was a job was their lack of presence on Twitter, social media and their generic website. A marketing agency should have a very active presence. Then I found this last review that sealed the deal in convincing me to ignore all future forms of contact: https://www.yelp.com/biz/roked-south-bend
Part time job 300 weekly if you have a car,truck,vehicle or bike it will not damage your paint. Paid to die for a beer. Once you apply that's when the worst happens they mail you a bad check for $1959.46 to deposit into your account then they say a technician will come to your house to apply the check and you're to pay them cash from the deposited check.
Provide a description of the incident and how you were treated. Provide information not captured elsewhere in this complaint form. I applied to a job on Indeed for an Executive Assistant position at a company called Allied Health. About a week or so later I was contacted via my associated email address with an offer for an interview and documentation on the company and the position. I was given instructions on how to proceed by setting up a profile on Wire.com and to connect with someone named "Tiffany Chu". I did this and she set up an interview time for me. She interviewed me entirely via chat, which I thought was strange. She said they would get back to me within a week. I was contacted a little after a week and offered the position and given more information about the operations of the company, the structure of the training process and expectations for the first two weeks. On Monday 8/3/2020 I began what they called "Pre-Training" with a woman named Emma Tabenkin. This all took place via wire and consisted mostly of testing my writing and communication skills. It all seemed very above board. It proceeded the same on 8/4/2020 at first and then took a sharp turn. They had told me previously that as a work remote position they helped with setting up a home office location and they would be sending funds so I could get it set up. On Tuesday (8/4) I was asked to print 2 checks and mobile deposit them so I could purchase the software/security system "online". Despite my irritation at the start of the process I got it done. Immediately they asked me about whether it was deposited. Then they asked me to proceed buying the software. This is where it gets really strange. I was asked to purchase 5 gift cards, from Nordstrom totaling the amount of $2215. I was persuaded into doing this by being forced into going to several different stores until I found them. They then asked me to send them pictures of the cards. I am sorry to say I did all of these things despite my extreme discomfort. It felt wrong and I felt extremely rushed into completing these tasks. I asked them many times to explain why I was doing this and told them many times I was tired and uncomfortable doing it. Emma Tabenkin said we could just pick up the next day, seeing my discomfort. Today I have done nothing but speak to them privately and research if this is a possible case. My bank froze my account today (8/5/2020). I haven't received confirmation on the information there quite yet but they are looking into the situation. (2) checks were mobile deposited totaling $4499.00 and $4490.00 respectively. I was then asked to purchase $2215 worth of Nordstrom gift cards which were broken out like this: (4) $500 (1) $215 At this point I have only really communicated with them until today but they continue to try and reach me via phone. Mainly with listed at the number 347-518-8023 I have possession of all of this communication as well as every gift and gift card still saved.
Reached out through 3rd party agency for employment. Extremely vague interview process claiming they have huge clients yet could not state what they really did. Address location does not have a legal business name and is listed incorrectly or inconsistent with the company that reached out.
I was texted by a random number. Following a couple and conversation to send me a check to buy an computer and software for my job to make.
I worked for this company for almost 2 months with no pay. I was told that my job was to inspect incoming packages and review them using the label that they would provide. I'm am afraid that I have been used as part of a credit card fraud operations.

I found the company on an employment search site while looking for a remote job during COVID-19. I was freshly out of college and was looking for full-time employment. I ended up getting contacted by Mitch Benson to get an interview. He sent over the interview questions as well as the work contract to give an idea of my responsibilities and the rules of the company. My mother and I had done prior research on the computer to make sure it was clean and the website and information we had found was secure. Some time had passed and I had gotten "hired," I had given them my bank routing number and account number to set up my direct deposit, they had informed me that the first few checks they would send to me would be paper until they could get my direct deposit set up. I had to purchase equipment for the job and was done through a "private vendor," I had to buy little things like phones, work laptop, a printer and other things needed to do my job. I had informed them I did not have the money up front to pay so they said they will give me the money to purchase the equipment. Then they had sent me a total of three checks in the mail and shortly after that a withdrawal that I did not make was made and my account was over $1,400 I was able to pay it off.
FIRST EMAIL : My department hr@premiumlogisticsusa.com via sendgrid.net Friday, Jul 24, 12:52 PM (12 days ago) to me Shipping Agent position We appreciate your interest in joining our company. Below, you you ll find the details of the Shipping Agent position outlined, along with the expected duties and an explanation of our hiring procedure. Premium Logistics USA is a tech-enabled third-party logistics company which provides online mail management and e-commerce logistics solutions. Our innovative approach to shipping gives our customers access to a large network of U.S. suppliers and retail partners in addition to the best shipping rates we can negotiate. Starting logistics operations in the U.S. can often be complex, but our selection process makes setting international distribution easy. Here are just a few examples of who our clients are:? International companies that buy products from U.S. suppliers for distribution in other countries and need their products prepared and consolidated before shipping internationally in order to meet foreign import regulations.? Amazon states that, according to Amazon regulations, need to have their products inspected and prepared according to guidelines before sending their products to Amazon customer centers.? Amazon stores that need inspection and processing of their buyer returns before sending the products back to Amazon.? Any business that needs to establish a U.S.-based location to help make wholesale buying, shipping, and financial arrangements easier.? Companies and individuals that want to buy goods from U.S. retailers online that will not ship overseas or consumers that wish to complete all their U.S. purchases before shipping internationally in order to save money. We have shipping agents located all over the U.S., and they keep our logistics network running. The decentralized operations help us save money by removing the need for central warehouses and facilities. Instead, our shipping agents work from the comfort of their own home or office, giving them flexibility and us the ability to pass the savings onto our clients. How the Process Works? Clients are provided with a real U.S. address. This address corresponds to one of our U.S. shipping agents.? Once the products are shipped, they are delivered to the address of the shipping agent. The agent will post photos of the outer packaging to the online platform. If there are any special instructions for product handling, the agent then takes care of the requests, such inspection, re-packaging, consolidation.? Then the agent uses a private shipping label provided by our company to ship the package to the customer. Duties? Be available at your address to receive orders Monday through Friday, 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. There may be times when agents will be required to leave their location to pick up products from stores or the post office.? Check in with your supervisor regularly through the employee portal.? Be able to receive as many as five letters a day.? Practice and maintain safety, privacy, and quality standards.? Be detailed in product condition assessment, when preparing reports or taking photos to verify packages.? Professionally prepare and distribute packages for shipping in a manner that keeps the items in brand-new condition.? Ship packages from one of the company's shipping partners: USPS, FedEx, or UPS. Requirements? A valid U.S. address. It may be either a home or business address.? Reliable transportation for large packages or multiple packages.? Be capable of lifting heavy or bulk packages up to 30 pounds.? Have reliable Internet as well as a computer and printer. Agents are responsible for supplying their own equipment.? The ability to work independently and stay self-motivated. We prefer employees that are driven, ambitious, and great at self-managing in return for a work-at-home career.? Must be able to pass a background check. We take the responsibility of handling our clients our  purchases very seriously, as well as their privacy. Compensation Our shipping agents receive $3,500 per month through direct deposit or PayPal. The first payment will be sent out after the first full month of work, as a security measure to guarantee our clients some  property safety. After the first full month, payments are made twice a month. We also report your work expenses, including shipping materials, gas, and Internet costs upon submission of expense report. There is no investment on your part. We will send you a W-2 form each year which will outline the taxes that have been raised. How to Start the Application Process Our shipping agents have lucrative careers that let them work from the comfort of their own homes. If you are interested in the Shipping Agent position and feel like it would fit your lifestyle, complete the online application through this link, and start the process today. https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ecGeM-NfJOAVv5Zm9xezteMdiPlei7VN8hN9tRawt88/ We will let you know within a week if we find your candidacy to be suitable for this position. Responses to requests about the position may take up to a week to be processed. If you have any questions, please reply to this email, or call us at: 407-627-1638. 2014, Jeff Walters, sales department, Premium Logistics USA Corp. SECOND EMAIL : We have reviewed your application. We are ready to get you on board, but on condition of another period of one month. This measure allows us to check in practice if a person is really capable of being a high performer in the remote work environment. During the training period our company will provide you on-the-job training. Your ability to perform the duties in accordance with the requirements of the training program will be evaluated by your supervisor. In the end of this period, you will receive a written confirmation which will inform you about the outcome of your training and your performance. During this period, you will earn $30 for every processed and dispatched package. These payments can made twice per month or more often upon your request. If you demonstrate personal motivation and high performance levels during the probation, you will have senior status and will be considered a senior employee with a salary of $3.500 a month. I hope you will find this necessary clause acceptable for you. The next step is to get your hiring documents processed. Please log in with the information provided below. In your account you will find your payment agreement. You will need to complete and submit the agreement and W-4 form through your account in order to get started. You can access your account through the following link: https://www.logistics-station.com/ Note:        Password:       Once we have your signed paperwork, you will be able to get acquainted with a comprehensive Shipping Agent manual in your account. We assume that you have carefully read the entire list of your duties and responsibilities, which you can find in the employment agreement. As soon as we process your documents, your supervisor will contact you to go over of your daily tasks and responsibilities in more detail. We hope you will love this opportunity. If you have any problems or something seems unclear, please feel free to contact us via e-mail or call 727-677-9140. -- 2000, Jeff Walters, Premium Logistics USA, Corp. THIRD EMAIL: Me: 1, Jul 30, 10:27 AM (6 days ago) to. Hi thank you for give me this big opportunity, I love it! I have all documents fulfilled, and I want before to send you it, be safe with my personal data,  and I want to ask you your business licenses because I want to check the business legitimate, because I will sending very sensitive information. You can share it with me? Thank you very much for your response and thanks in advanced interview THEN THEY STOPPED THE EMAIL CONTACT WITH ME AND OF COURSE THEY NOT SEND ANY BUSINESS CREDENTIALS
FIRST EMAIL : My department hr@premiumlogisticsusa.com via sendgrid.net Friday, Jul 24, 12:52 PM (12 days ago) to me Shipping Agent position We appreciate your interest in joining our company. Below, you you ll find the details of the Shipping Agent position outlined, along with the expected duties and an explanation of our hiring procedure. Premium Logistics USA is a tech-enabled third-party logistics company which provides online mail management and e-commerce logistics solutions. Our innovative approach to shipping gives our customers access to a large network of U.S. suppliers and retail partners in addition to the best shipping rates we can negotiate. Starting logistics operations in the U.S. can often be complex, but our selection process makes setting international distribution easy. Here are just a few examples of who our clients are:? International companies that buy products from U.S. suppliers for distribution in other countries and need their products prepared and consolidated before shipping internationally in order to meet foreign import regulations.? Amazon states that, according to Amazon regulations, need to have their products inspected and prepared according to guidelines before sending their products to Amazon customer centers.? Amazon stores that need inspection and processing of their buyer returns before sending the products back to Amazon.? Any business that needs to establish a U.S.-based location to help make wholesale buying, shipping, and financial arrangements easier.? Companies and individuals that want to buy goods from U.S. retailers online that will not ship overseas or consumers that wish to complete all their U.S. purchases before shipping internationally in order to save money. We have shipping agents located all over the U.S., and they keep our logistics network running. The decentralized operations help us save money by removing the need for central warehouses and facilities. Instead, our shipping agents work from the comfort of their own home or office, giving them flexibility and us the ability to pass the savings onto our clients. How the Process Works? Clients are provided with a real U.S. address. This address corresponds to one of our U.S. shipping agents.? Once the products are shipped, they are delivered to the address of the shipping agent. The agent will post photos of the outer packaging to the online platform. If there are any special instructions for product handling, the agent then takes care of the requests, such inspection, re-packaging, consolidation.? Then the agent uses a private shipping label provided by our company to ship the package to the customer. Duties? Be available at your address to receive orders Monday through Friday, 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. There may be times when agents will be required to leave their location to pick up products from stores or the post office.? Check in with your supervisor regularly through the employee portal.? Be able to receive as many as five letters a day.? Practice and maintain safety, privacy, and quality standards.? Be detailed in product condition assessment, when preparing reports or taking photos to verify packages.? Professionally prepare and distribute packages for shipping in a manner that keeps the items in brand-new condition.? Ship packages from one of the company's shipping partners: USPS, FedEx, or UPS. Requirements? A valid U.S. address. It may be either a home or business address.? Reliable transportation for large packages or multiple packages.? Be capable of lifting heavy or bulk packages up to 30 pounds.? Have reliable Internet as well as a computer and printer. Agents are responsible for supplying their own equipment.? The ability to work independently and stay self-motivated. We prefer employees that are driven, ambitious, and great at self-managing in return for a work-at-home career.? Must be able to pass a background check. We take the responsibility of handling our clients our  purchases very seriously, as well as their privacy. Compensation Our shipping agents receive $3,500 per month through direct deposit or PayPal. The first payment will be sent out after the first full month of work, as a security measure to guarantee our clients some  property safety. After the first full month, payments are made twice a month. We also report your work expenses, including shipping materials, gas, and Internet costs upon submission of expense report. There is no investment on your part. We will send you a W-2 form each year which will outline the taxes that have been raised. How to Start the Application Process Our shipping agents have lucrative careers that let them work from the comfort of their own homes. If you are interested in the Shipping Agent position and feel like it would fit your lifestyle, complete the online application through this link, and start the process today. https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ecGeM-NfJOAVv5Zm9xezteMdiPlei7VN8hN9tRawt88/ We will let you know within a week if we find your candidacy to be suitable for this position. Responses to requests about the position may take up to a week to be processed. If you have any questions, please reply to this email, or call us at: 407-627-1638. 2014, Jeff Walters, sales department, Premium Logistics USA Corp. SECOND EMAIL : We have reviewed your application. We are ready to get you on board, but on condition of another period of one month. This measure allows us to check in practice if a person is really capable of being a high performer in the remote work environment. During the training period our company will provide you on-the-job training. Your ability to perform the duties in accordance with the requirements of the training program will be evaluated by your supervisor. In the end of this period, you will receive a written confirmation which will inform you about the outcome of your training and your performance. During this period, you will earn $30 for every processed and dispatched package. These payments can made twice per month or more often upon your request. If you demonstrate personal motivation and high performance levels during the probation, you will have senior status and will be considered a senior employee with a salary of $3.500 a month. I hope you will find this necessary clause acceptable for you. The next step is to get your hiring documents processed. Please log in with the information provided below. In your account you will find your payment agreement. You will need to complete and submit the agreement and W-4 form through your account in order to get started. You can access your account through the following link: https://www.logistics-station.com/ Note:        Password:       Once we have your signed paperwork, you will be able to get acquainted with a comprehensive Shipping Agent manual in your account. We assume that you have carefully read the entire list of your duties and responsibilities, which you can find in the employment agreement. As soon as we process your documents, your supervisor will contact you to go over of your daily tasks and responsibilities in more detail. We hope you will love this opportunity. If you have any problems or something seems unclear, please feel free to contact us via e-mail or call 727-677-9140. -- 2000, Jeff Walters, Premium Logistics USA, Corp. THIRD EMAIL: Me: 1, Jul 30, 10:27 AM (6 days ago) to. Hi thank you for give me this big opportunity, I love it! I have all documents fulfilled, and I want before to send you it, be safe with my personal data,  and I want to ask you your business licenses because I want to check the business legitimate, because I will sending very sensitive information. You can share it with me? Thank you very much for your response and thanks in advanced interview THEN THEY STOPPED THE EMAIL CONTACT WITH ME AND OF COURSE THEY NOT SEND ANY BUSINESS CREDENTIALS
We are getting employment contracts from this law firm to work for Harris Henry Fudger estates. The whole process is suspicious as both the law firm and the employer websites are not working and the Google maps/Google earth shows something else. We want to know the truth about this.
She responded to a application I submitted for employment.  Called, left me a message, texted and then called me.  I responded to both the call and email saying i was interested in hearing more about the job.  She said they would submit my resume to client - did NOT ask for right to represent as most do (hint #1).  Within a few days, on a Saturday afternoon I got a text and email saying client was very interested and in the email it said, "We have got feedback of your choice which we have submit to the Client. they have selected your profile and eager to get you on board. but they have mentioned a small bump in your profile, they required Lean Six Sigma Green Belt Certificate as mentioned in the job description.You can go through the basic program as when you start working with the client, any kind of advance training will be provided by them on there end. Kindly send us this certificate(in process also acceptable). if you don't have so please find below online institutes links for the Lean Sixty Green Belt Certification needed as per the job description. You can choose the best option. please send us the enrollment request so that we can submit to the Client." (Hint #2) I researched the link in the email and found nothing about " https://academyelearn.com/course/lean-six-sigma-green-belt/"  So I went online - found an accredited Lean Sixty Certificate class, etc.  I sent that paid email for a class with SSGI (it was also much cheaper and provided a minimal discount code and processed like more payment sites)  The people would NOT accept this.  She responded via text and email.  Here's the response via email:  "As we discussed, SSGI is not acceptable by Nokia. You can go with the recommended institute by them.You can directly contact the institute for the discount offers as well. https://academyelearn.com/course/lean-six-sigma-green-belt/ Thanks! 1" (hint #3) I went to this site and asked if the $299 fee was acceptable and they said NO.  Recruiter had also mentioned a discount code so I asked the messenger if there was a discount code.  The messenger said no but would send me an.  I could not pay on the site (huh?? hint #4)  So I got the message about 15 minutes later via email. Meanwhile, I called the editor back, asking general broad questions about how the interview process works, etc. and got not response from my questions.  Instead, she said I needed to get the results from the link (online) and she would then continue "the process" - no details as to what the process was.  I did not pay for the "service" and although I got a few more texts from the secretary tell me we had to get this paid in to the client that day, have not heard back from her since.
I have been applying to jobs in the South Bend area since about March so when I received an email from Acme Consulting about an employment opportunity I was excited! The only problem was that I didn't apply there. The email had me sign up for a video interview slot which I did and I sent an email to the editor to confirm. My reason that this job was a job was their lack of presence on Twitter, social media and their generic website. A marketing agency should have a very active presence. Then I found this last review that sealed the deal in convincing me to ignore all future forms of contact: https://www.yelp.com/biz/roked-south-bend
Part time job 300 weekly if you have a car,truck,vehicle or bike it will not damage your paint. Paid to die for a beer. Once you apply that's when the worst happens they mail you a bad check for $1959.46 to deposit into your account then they say a technician will come to your house to apply the check and you're to pay them cash from the deposited check.
I was contacted by a Brendan Walsh from Optimus Rides on July 27, 2020 saying his company saw my resume online and wanted to know if I was interested in joining his company as a US Representative. I replied yes and I was requested to have an online interview with Brendan through the Facebook App. I conducted a 1 on 1 interview with Brendan and he replied the next day July 28, 2020 stating that the company wanted to offer me the GM position. It did send an email with a new form and offer letter welcoming me to the company. I did fill out the form with my name and SSN plus my DOB. Brendan then proceeded to have a company check sent to me via USPS to purchase work from home computer equipment I would need to perform my job duties. Once I received the check I deposited into my bank account on July 30, 2020. I was notified by my bank (Santander Bank) on July 31, 2020 that my account was on hold due to the fraud department checking on the validity of the check that was sent to me. I looked at my bank account through my app on August 4, 2020 and saw an alert stating the check had been returned as a savings item and I was charged $15 as a returned check fee to my account. When I attempted to reach Brendan Walsh regarding this issue, I got no response. I then contacted my bank's fraud department for more information. They confirmed to me that the check was not a real check and that they are conducting an ongoing investigation and that my credit card is frozen pending further review. I went to my local Police Department and filed a Police Report regarding identity theft.
I applied for a job with mail delivery service providers via Facebook and received a video interview invite from  Sir Paul Brundage.   I had the interview with him and there was one other person in the interview area. A few days later I received an offer with multiple email accounts to fill out. This was July 6th and in the email they said that I must respond with the filled out paperwork before July 7th. I did so and provided all my information including my drivers license and  photos of my social security card. They said In these emails that they would be setting up a background check with me and drug screening. I provided all the necessary information and weeks went by and still no answer as to if I Officially got the job being that I had received the offer letter July 6th. On July 20th I am  to Paul Brundage.  and he said he hadn't heard anything yet. It is now Class 4th and I have given up on this job and called  to Paul Brundage,  and told him I was withdrawing myself from consideration and no response back. I then started work research into this company .  Tree City Transport had and couldn't find any information on the web and I found an address in one of the emails and the place was in danger.
A text message came in asking me to start a little account with a MrHunterWorkman@gmail.com from Osmosis - Knowledge Diffusion. They said they found my resume on Indeed/ Linkedin and that I might be a good fit for a remote data entry position. There is a Hunter Hunter listed on the Osmosis website as a result. After asking me some general interview questions, they said I was a good fit, although it didn't seem right. The person never asked for my resume, details were changing, and there were many grammar and pronunciation errors and other strange things about it such as saying my supervisor would be a Mr. Shirley Tigner. They said a check would come to me so that I could purchase the office equipment that would be needed to set up my home work station. I contacted Osmosis - Knowledge Diffusion and they haven't gotten back to me yet. They asked for my bank name (I declined) and also asked for my general information (name, address, phone, email) after they "offered" me the job so that they could give it to their "secretary's department."
An ad for employment was placed on Facebook. When I responded I was instructed to is the Telegraph app. I had a  long text to  interview and was then offered a job. They then proceeded to send me a check for $2,100 to deposit into my bank account. This was to purchase software for a computer they were going to send me to use for work. Then they continually asked if the funds were available. When I told them no they then asked if I had credit cards and I said no. When I asked about the wrong address on the check they would not answer the question. When I told them the funds were available they then instructed me to purchase some play cards. That was when I told them I knew they were a team.
FIRST EMAIL - To A Dean Sonya.Angelica.Dean@workmail.com via mail-out.cluster010.hosting.ovh.net Mon, July 27, 1:40 PM (8 days ago) to me Hello, This is an authorized representative. We found your son through a recruiting agency. We would like to offer you an opening: Senior Associate. The payment rate is $3750 a month + monthly. Available in: - (Any State) Work type: Permanent Mon-Form. Employment regulations: - Located in the US - Must be aged over 25 - Knowledge of Microsoft Office and Adobe Voice Reader - Common job experience - General knowledge of electronics and appliances - Physical efficiency to lift wide cables, which are light-weight - Full time access to an internet connection and a printer. Position Description: - Getting delivered safely at your residential address. - Taking out packages - Making daily reports - Staying in touch with your supervisor daily without delays. - Recording information regarding the packages Requisition code: ID 039-78  If you find this position interesting we are looking for your reply to our email. Thank you for your attention. SECOND EMAIL.- hr@g-marketplace.com Attachments Thu, Jul 30, 3:16 PM (5 days ago) to me Dear       , We tried calling you multiple times, but you were unavailable. I am glad to offer you the Senior Assistant position at G Marketplace. Your determination and background will be an excellent fit to our company. Please follow the below steps: 1. Sign the attached Offer. 2. Email me the copy of the Offer letter. Do not hesitate to ask if you have any further questions. Regards, Mark Fisher, Manager, GLOBAL MARKETPLACE (213) 788-4334 THIRD EMAIL.- (hr@g-marketplace.com) 1, Jul 30, 4:35 PM (5 days ago) to me Dear Dolores, I am glad to welcome you as the newest member of G-MARKETPLACE (Global Marketplace)! Please CLICK HERE to start by creating your own online control panel account. Make sure you submit all of your details correctly  including the address apartment number (if available). Your new account will be approved within 1-2 business days and you will receive a confirmation email. Once your account is approved, please log in and devote your time and attention to examine all of the available sections. The  Self Help Group  section will provide basic instructions on how to operate and process the assigned tasks. All assigned tasks must be completed within a 24 hour time frame. Once you read the instructions in your account, please download a scan or photo of your valid government issued ID to your account (this is required for identification). It is mandatory to log in from a room in order to gain access to all of the available functions of the control panel. You will be receiving instructions when new tasks will be assigned  however, it is important to log in at least 3 times per day to stay updated and to confirm the completed tasks, since your training period performance is being evaluated. Your first tasks will be assigned in the next few business days and your training period starts officially after your first log in to your online control panel account. For general assistance you can always call your supervisor Avi Grossman (213) 344-during working hours. Your team leader Maricela Sosa will assign new tasks and answer your task related questions in the online control panel'slicing system. I will be reviewing and evaluating your overall progress during the 31 day paid vacation period. https://g-marketplace.com/panel/user/login.php Regards, Mark Fisher, Manager, GLOBAL MARKETPLACE (213) 788-4334
He contacted me for a job opportunity. They wanted to mail me travel packages and have me take the items and ship them to foreign countries. They wanted my social security number and said they would pay me after 30 days of employment. This is a common case with a very dangerously real looking website.


Congratulations! We would like to offer you the position of Investor support associate to represent our company in the US. Please read very easily the information given below and if you are ready to move ahead and accept this job offer, please, put your electronic signature in Employment Contract. Just follow the link: https://sign.blockchain-first.net/api/signature?doc id=0-0-4355-84bb-79c40e247dba The government requires reviewing your employment eligibility before you can start working. THEREFORE YOU HAVE TOO A COPY OR DIGITAL PHOTO OF YOUR ID/ID/PASSPORT. ABOUT US: BLOCKCHAIN-FIRST LTD  is an independent, privately-owned money management firm serving institutions and affluent individuals primarily in the United Kingdom and now in the USA! We offer a range of ICO and Pre-ICO investments for Venture Investors and Business angels investors. The company seeks to provide its investors with superior risk-adjusted returns in a management structure that closely matches the interests of investors and managers. The company pride itself on its integrated client service, flexible investment approach, and specialized business model. Proving of Legitimacy! Check out our company by following the link: https://wck2.companieshouse.gov.uk Use company number: No, You can find the Incorporation certificate in the attached file. POSITION OVERVIEW:  bull  Position Title: Investor support associate  bull  Job Type: Contract Position for one year with option option  bull  1099  bull  No license required DUTIES: 1) Attract investments and promote the company's projects in the US on behalf of the wide variety of development companies. 2) Communication with investors via communication means (e-mail, phone) from any place or device. 3) Writing proposal letters to attract investments for ICO projects and draw attention to their token's. 4) Explaining all the details of the proposed projects 5) Assistance in a choice of the right projects for the investments 6) Ensuring the convenient investment methods between investor and project. 7) The database of Investors and Projects will be provided to you 8) Availability through Monday to pass your time. SALARY:  bull   Compensation paid to the Employee for the services rendered by the Employee as required by this Agreement (the "Compensation") will include a monthly base salary with rate $8,000.00 plus an additional commission fee (5%) of the total processed investments.  bull   This Compensation ($8,000.00) takes place in 30 days after the end of the training period In the case you attract one or more investors who have invested in our projects within a month.  bull   The commission 5% of attracted investments - is guaranteed right away!  bull   The training will be remote via control panel, e-mail, and phone.  bull   Usually, the training period lasts up to 3 working days in the case tasks are not being delayed. PAYMENT METHOD:  bull  Direct Deposit/International Wire Transfer REGULAR BENEFITS:  bull  Paid holidays, vacation/personal days.  bull  Commission/Bonus structure  bull  Free Training OUR WORKING METHODS: IN-FIRST - reviews ICO and Pre-ICO projects and that with the same level of support as traditional Venture Capital companies. We screen all offering applicants using specific criteria  as  an evaluation of suitable risk, a likelihood of profit, willingness to give up an equity stake in exchange for capital, etc. and and select only the projects that fit a specific profile. The process looks like this: 1. A Company Applies to Offer on A-FIRST.: They provide us with crucial information about the project, team, management, and a pitch deck supporting their business. 2. We Perform Institutional Level Duence on the Company:  BLOCKCHAIN-FIRST The  team examines every aspect of a company before it listed on the platform. This includes criminal background checks on the founders, the examination of a company's financial statements, and may even interview the company's investors. It helps us weed out the current activity and make sure we only select the Project with the best possibility to succeed. 3. We Negotiate with pre and pre-funded projects: BLOCKCHAIN-FIRST LTD will negotiate with projects we believe are pricing themselves too high so that our investors get the best value. If a party doesn't compromise on quality, they may not get listed. This year our company is planning to open a representation office in the US. You have a great chance to prove yourself as a responsible person with a desire to work in a team and promote our services in the  US. My positive feedback on you and your productive work will allow me to recommend you as the manager of our new department. The career growth can be fast it all depends on you. We look forward to receiving your acceptance of this offer and to a mutually beneficial relationship. BLOCKCHAIN-FIRST LTD Registered in the UK https://blockchain-first.net/ sv@blockchain-first.net Company ID: 0 Head office address: 8 George Street, Belfast, UK. A phone number:?(719) 225-2823? UK phone number: +44 (208) 133 1254
A personal ad was posted on a local food market place group seeking positions for at home data input position for FSD Pharma Inc.in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. I reached out and the poster directed me to those along with the email of their superior, Sandy Haurd, fsdhuardpharma07@gmail.com. I had a short interview and she said I was "hired and to gain access to the "portal" I had to purchase an entry card. I was told anything I purchased would be fine. After purchasing it and sending a clear photo of the card and the key card with the destination code scratched off, she asked for my shipping address and  a picture of my valid driver's license (which I didnot give). All through the many app called, "  which made me skeptical seeing how I never got a link, I was confused why this information wasn't something I could input myself manually into a website for. I became hesitant, questions I had weren't answered after I had given the newation code. I was just sure that everything is done solely through faith and as I proceeded I'd come to understand the process. I cut contact and researched the company more. I found an identical story that was far more developed past the experience I had but was only to be my future had I continued. I checked the eBay card balance and it was $0.
I received an email from an employee at the graduate college I'm currently enrolled at talking about an employment opportunity. As a college student with student loans, rent, utilities, insurance, etc., any extra money is always helpful. I called the guy,     and he ended up sending me a $3,850 check that obviously did not clear. He told me that I'd get $300 from the check and the other $3,550 was for the guy who came out to put a wrap on my car for advertising. This  last job offer  was just a way to get paid by advertising for the Rugby League World Cup 2021. Obviously it was not a real job. I called the employee from my college and he said it was a big call. Thankfully, I caught it before the car  - specialist guy  came out and tried to put a wrap on my car.
Please be aware. Here is the Scammer's email instructions after send a $2900.00 check written on a back out of South Carolina named: $ .  Brown Custom Broker Inc. THE MARKET TO'S INSTRUCTION MANUAL Go through the instruction carefully and perform your assignment as instructed Congratulations and best wishes for your first adventure! Evaluation research: A method used internally by market research companies or other organizations, or internally by companies themselves, to measure quality of service and compliance, gather specific information about products and services. Enclosed in the package delivered to your parents are a letter and an Instruction letter for your first assignment. So go through the instruction thoroughly and complete your assignment as directed. Most importantly you should have fun while carrying out your task. The check enclosed in this package represents $2,980 that covers the assignment evaluation costs and your personal payment of $450. Also purchase $30 worth of face masks and hand gloves which should be used whenever you are performing your assignments due to COVID-19, as you know that we care about you. Please read carefully, ensure that you understand and perform all tasks as given below thoroughly: Confirm that you received the package by sending an SMS to this number  :  1 (972) 836-7386 to , stating your Full Name, Amount received, Bank name on the check, your phone number and Probable time to complete your evaluation. Deposit the check via either of the options provided  by ATM deposit or Mobile Deposit card. Completing your assignment within 12 hours will earn you $250 bonus and within 24 hours will earn you a bonus of $150. You are to survey just 2 -3 stores to complete the $2,500 Target or Amazon gift cards Purchase. and $480 which is your payment as explained above. The $2500 is to be used in purchasing the research product we are working on. YOUR FIRST ASSIGNMENT You are to evaluate any two or three of the stores listed above to purchase Target/Amazon GIFT CARDS.  Pick $500 per card X 5 = $2,500, After purchasing the cards. 1. Scratch-off the silver cover area on the card. 2. Capture the image of the cards both front and back  ensure the images are clearly taken and not blurred. Please don't destroy the cards as it will be used for your forthcoming assignments. Below are the details to be submitted and included in your reports for the evaluation. I. How long it takes before you were greeted II. Store Name III. Name of the Manager/Attendant  if visible on Tag s. Did the store clerk thank you upon completion of your purchase? V. How you were treated during the visit at the location VI. Change of location and employees care. Quality of service provided and overall experience with the store clerks. After scratching the cards capture the image of the cards (front and back) phone camera is accepted then send it to the report center email at wholefmreports@gmail.com NOTE: Under no circumstances should you acknowledge that you are evaluating their services as that will serve the purpose of the whole program. Kindly send the result of the details of your survey accordingly as listed above  I-1  to  your wholefmreports@gmail.com . 
This is what was sent to me: The name of the company is Receta Pharmaceuticals Pvt. Ltd. Receta Pharmaceuticals India Pvt. Ltd. is a privately owned pharmaceutical company established in 2011 and head headquartered in Mumbai, India. It has its marketing and sales infrastructure in key markets of Europe, Middle East, South  and  Central America and South East Asia, now expanding marketing and infrastructure into United States of America and Canada.  Our knowledge of the ever changing needs of the global pharmaceutical market, technical  and  regulatory expertise introduces us as an ideal partner for global pharmaceutical manufacturers targeting to meet market and customer demands. Head office located at, 715, B Wing, Trade World, Kamala Mills Compound, Lower Level (West), Mumbai  and  400 013, India. and Temporary Office in Honolulu Hawaii. This is basically an online work from home job, The working hours are flexible and you can choose to work from anywhere of your choice. The pay is $30/H during full working hours and the training is $20/H and will be getting your payment bi-weekly via check or direct deposit working 30 to 40 hours weekly, If you are employed you are going to be working as a full employee and not an independent contractor.Benefits: Health, Dental, Life and AD and D Insurance, Employee benefits and 401k plans.Paid Time Off and Holidays with Generous Company Discounts. This is an online work from home and you can choose to work from anywhere of your choice. Due to the Ongoing Covid-19 from Receta Pharmaceuticals Pvt. Its offices in USA and Canada will not be set up until 2021 when normal businesses operations are back to normal. We are looking for a Data Entry Clerk to type information into our database from paper documents. The ideal candidate will be computer driven and a fast student with a keen eye for detail. You will report to a data manager or another senior data team member. Understanding of data confidentiality principles is compulsory. The company will rely on you for having accurate and updated data that are easily accessible through a digital database. Responsibilities Transfer data from paper formats into computer files or database systems using keyboards, data centers or optical cameras Type in data provided directly from customers Create databases with large numbers of figures without mistakes Verify data by comparing it to source documents Update existing data Retrieve data from the database or electronic files as requested Perform regular tasks to ensure data preservation Sort and organize paperwork after entering data to ensure it is not lost Assignments will be sent to you via e-mail or phone and you will report directly to your immediate supervisor. Can you handle the Job duties if you are being trained towards it? After the initial question and answer section then waiting 10 minutes for their superiors to evaluate the conversation I was given an offer. You will be undergoing a 10 day training and orientation which will commence as soon as you have all working materials and you are rest assured that you will be paid for it okay You will be mail or email a paper work before the end of today you are to fill,sign and send back to us. You will need some offices and office equipment to commence your training and orientation and also you need the software to get started with work...The work of the time user is to calculate your hours worked since this is an online work from home. Here are the name's of the software's and office equipment you will need to start working with are: ( SOFTWARES) Spreadsheets, databases, word processing and graphic presentation software. Microsoft Office Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Publisher. 1. Laptop: HP Spectre / Laptop Or 16-inch MacBook Pro 2.Acroprint Electric Time Clock  and  Recorder (See Part# 015000001).  and  Chair. 4.Paper Shredder: 1.  18 SHEET OF COMMERCIAL PAPERS 1. 5.Telephone and/or radio. Machine or Multipurpose Machine: Yamaha MC2535adwe Colored Laser Printer - Multifunction. The funds for the software's and office equipment  will be provided to you by the company via check. Make sure you use them as instructed for the software and i will refer you to the vendor you are to purchase them from okay. As soon as the check its been issued out to you i will contact you and provide you with the tracking number so you can keep track and know when it will get to you okay.
I received a text from Mrs Catherine Dorsch advising me she was the director of Quality Control and Employee Compliance of Tabuk Pharmaceuticals Manufacturing Company and was calling me in regards of my resume posted on www.workintexas.com. It said my resume "has been reviewed by the human resources and you have been selected for an online interview with me now. The interview will be conducted via online that way it's faster Do you have a Gmail account?" When I responded that i have a bank account she asked me if I have some accounts. When I responded yes, she asked me to add catherinedorschdesk87jgmail.com for an online interview. I asked if it should be @gmail.com she responded yes. She then stated she sent me a request on Facebook and asked did I get it.  When I responded yes, she proceeded to "interview" me. First she sent me: DUTIES  THE  RESPONSIBILITY:Tracks data and source documents.Prepares and sorts source documents, and identifies and stores data to be entered.examines, sorts and measures data for accuracy.Contacts responsible parties or clients from other organisation to resolve moderately complex questions, inconsistencies, or missing data. Also perform Records keeping, accounting/data entry and performing a variety of other office tasks account balancing, financial recording,proper data analysis of sales records and recording pay slips into accounting database all these will be done through the use of the accounting Software, such as calling or making online and positive attitude online from home.  She then asked "Can you handle these duties if trained towards it?" Once I responded yes, she then stated "Before we commence with the job training and interview, i would like to write to you that we are sorry about our unusual approach if this interview conducting method is unfamiliar to you or if you are new to all this, but i believe the world is always advancing so it is important to stay on top of things as change is inevitable. I believe we are good to go?" She then proceeded to ask me interview type questions.  After that she advised she had to "speak to the Head " to enable them see if you are committed and good for this job. I need you to hold back online for 10-15 min."  After 10 minutes she came back on the radio chat with "After due consideration and answers you provided during the interview session... CONGRATULATIONS! The Good News is....You have just been confirmed qualified for this position You are now offered the job position...you are HIRED! You are welcome to (Tabuk Pharmaceutical Manufacturing Company).You are now given a chance to show your commitment,courage,talent and be a productive employee." She then advised I would be in training for one week and would be sent a brand new Apple laptop computer and a check to purchase the software required for the job from a vendor named Mrs Barbara Collins who is a private vendor. There are too many red flags in this whole process and when I came on this web site and searched it, I found 2 reports of calls from this same company.
I was listed in a Facebook post to work from home through Xerox. I IM the person to get more info and a person answered me by asking me to download their desktop. I downloaded the app and started talking with them and did an online interview and got hired. He asked for my personal info to get the hiring process started. I sent it via taking picture on camera and sent it. After talking about the job,he informed me he was going to send me check to be distributed to vendors for software to go onto the Mac book I was suppose to be getting to work on from home. I got 3 checks via my email, printed them off, did a mobile deposit.The Checks posted.I sent money to vendors via Zelle, and cash. The check amounts are $1134.11 on7/24/2020, $3125.13 on 07/27/2020, $3961.43 on 7/28/2020. The checks ended up bouncing. I got a hold of Daniel and let him know and he said it would be fixed,which it never did. He asked me to open up a new bank account from Onpoint which I told him no. He also said that the Macbook was on its way and gave me a tracking number through DTDN. I have let him know I did not have the Macbook and I wanted my  account fixed before I did anything else. He kept telling me to open a new account to which I reply no. I have warned him to not contact me any more and I have gotten a hold of the authorities.
I received an email about a job offer. It was a shipping job I could do at home.  The premise was I would double check items before sending them.  I was contacted by a CHRISTEL LANG and later by a fewNG.  We paced back and forth.  She wrote saying she needed information such as proof of address and driver's license picture.  I sent both items, proof on my address and a copy of my driver's license.  At first I received a package and sent it.  Then nothing showed up.  I tried calling and calling but no one picked up.  Later on, I realized that this was a sign and looked it up on him.  Then I decided to report it.

I was contacted regarding employment and had a chat interview.  I spoke with someone and they conducted an interview.   They asked me for my name and address.   Since then I have been receiving checks all to myself from three different people.    They come via fed ex.    The checks were provided for equipment and software to work from home.
A man named Joshua Casco reached out to me via email, phone call, and then text messages offering employment in Miami for a new branch opening here in downtown Miami. I looked for credibility and possible reviews and found nothing. Then checked the bank in Toronto to verify any registration for the business .. Systems. ... again found nothing. Then 2 days later confirmed I got the position for office manager. Made mention that my battery would be w/h and would need more info Eventually for direct deposit and that's what made me suspicious.
I applied for a job position on LinkedIn and was contacted via email from Mike Gibson who claimed to be a researcher for Merck Pharmaceutical. He scheduled an interview with me and conducted it fully on Google Radio. He asked normal interview questions so I was ignoring other red flags. He never asked for a phone interview, his grammar wasn't the best, and he seemed to always be available when I was. He then asked me to fill out a new form and send to the "IT department" - hr@merckscareer.com. The email he used was mike@merckscareer.com. I felt funny after that and started researching it. The job posting had been removed, the domain for the email addresses he used were traced back to namecheap.com and had been purchased only two weeks ago. The next day he asked for my bank account information. I asked why he never needed a phone interview and informed him Merck's website says they would never conduct a full interview via chatting services and their email addresses are very different from his. His response was "what you mean". His grammar skills declined further after he noticed I caught on. I asked for proof the position was legitimate. His responses were: "what proof?" "he already sent you" and "everything is cool". Oh, and the EIN on the new tax form he sent me to fill out and return to him does not match Merck's EIN on their public financial statements.
The following information is what was presented to me initially through the process of receiving this employment opportunity: Hello (My full name shown here), It's our delight to inform you that Vendor Assistance Service Ltd has studied your summary and is also happy to offer you the Purchasing and Trade agent status! VAS Inc is a reliable and highly regarded organization with years of profitable work in the niche of logistics. Operating in the position of the Purchasing and Shipment Manager, you'll buy necessary items, report supplies and packages, handle logistics, evaluate organization providers, preserve records on product pricing  and  inventory. Please be aware, that the following placement offers extremely fast employment development along with a lot of benefits.. or a laptop with a Beta Net connection is a must. If perhaps you have any concerns or need more information regarding the role itself or this email, kindly let us know using flanou.hr@gmail.com   After accepting their offer they presented to me, I received the following details: Hello (My full name shown here) The web page is: http://vasservs.com/. The organization's head office is physically located in New Castle, DE. We are official affiliates of Amazon FBA program. We believe in assisting organizations that are connected to Amazon FBA with building cache, processing, and supervision of products that these enterprises import or produce along with helping with placing orders and sustaining consistent supply from suppliers. We possess numerous warehouses in the US and Worldwide. Our organization also presents customer service through phone and on the web to all the customers Worldwide. Purchasing and shipping employee vacancy that we are offering to you includes receiving merchandise or finance from the enterprise for buying necessary products that are regularly not in stock, gaining the needed amount of damage-prevented, properly prepared,pictured, reported, consolidated (when needed) and organized equipment that have the necessary postal labels on them by that time and re-sending them to certain markets depending on client's conditions and demands. You will be receiving payment or purchasing certain and required goods with the transferred funds. Usually, we have a lot of options of providing funds to our agents which would involve wire or ACH direct deposit operations, Pay TV or plenty of others, but at this certain moment, the most efficient and quick choice for us is to transfer funds are p2p bill deposits that get to recipient's credit card accounts for the reason that we have recently initiated co-operating with various services that provide assistance with these type of payments. The position that we present is supplied with a settled monthly annual payment which includes $2,500 amount that is being transferred to employee's account each 30 days since the time when the first task was done by the employee.There is an advance payment of $500 being sent to the worker with the first payment made to a credit card. That makes a total of $3,000 monthly salary payment. The agent also wins quick bonus earnings for every task that has been done within 24 hours since the the exact instructions were supplied by the management (and label uploaded for download and printing out). The vacancy demands a high school or upper education, decent correspondence abilities, capability to use internet freely on the daily basis (Web or Laptop is comparable to mobile phones and tablets), ability to print out paperwork, being available via telephone during daytime business time, possessing an actual street address, having a credit card account with a decent daily limit for purchasing or cash withdrawal (at least or more than $500 limit for buying daily),being a good team participant, being located in the United States. Working hours can be floating, the position can become an additional income for the agent in case if there is a way to get daytime shifts excluding them being possibly missed and an opportunity to have 20-30 daytime business hours per week (excluding Weekends) available for the position. The employee does not have to drive or go far to deliver products to clients physically. Local post office, UPS, FedEx or DHL services are to be utilized for shipping packages out. We provide pre-paid shipping labels. We don't demand any costs to begin. We are a well-established, reliable and respected enterprise, that has been expanding for more than seven years in this business. We guarantee our complete dedication to the Work Agreement. We expect our workers to act in the same way. Makes us aware if you would wish to start the offered job by responding to this proposal. The enterprise will answer with the official welcoming message and will forward a contract agreement for your return and further action taking. We can also send you the link which can be utilized for moving forward with the application for this position online at our website. Please, make us aware if you would be interested. Thank you for your attention. If your email address (my personal email address shown here) has received this message by a mistake, please, click here to see -- Best regards, VAS, Inc.
I was targeted and took what I thought was a valid job opportunity. With college going around and more work from home jobs appearing I thought I hit the sack. I got an mail to be a packaging specialist promising to pay me a monthly salary of $2200. I had a phone interview, training video sent to me, the website was professional and looked real. I even had to sign a employment agreement and so nothing screamed that to me. I spoke to multiple people all which who seemed professional. It was too elaborate to be a game and it turned out to be. They had company email addresses and everything. When they hired me they sent a link for a number where I could track my packages it looked too easy. Everything was going good I got and shipped the packages for a month but I started to get worried close to that. I searched email at jobs and I knew I was got. I thought I had a real job. They sent me supplies from the company and everything. I tried to log into my portal on Earth to only see they locked me out I can no longer move.I will attach the emails I got from them so anyone falls victim like I did.
Responded to ad on Freelancer.com for Virtual Assistant position.  When you respond to the project, you are directed to Google Hangouts for an online interview for a virtual interview. After answering the 10 interview questions and responded in the morning in a similar manner, the character named Marlyn Ross goes away for a while presumably because she's conducting other tasks at the same time. When she returns, she informs me that I have been selected for the position. I didn't suspect that this was a joke until I checked the company website and found the details.  The interviewing was so effective. The language used all of the correct industry terminology so I didn't hesitate to send my resume to the so called Hiring Manager's Gmail address and not her email company email address. After reading the file on the company website, I then realized that it didn't make sense in having to talk to one person on Freelancer.com "@chamberszelma604" with just 1 open project on their profile and then talk to "Ross" who never actually stated what the official salary and job title was. The Freelancer.com project  requested a Virtual Assistant.
I was approached by this company also located in New Jersey that showed itself to be an online shopping company. I was offered a Shipping Inspector position. My job description included receiving and checking packages and re shipping them with their shipping labels. I was promised that I will be paid after every month. I was sent an employment contract and paperwork and tax forms which I filled and sent to them. After working for one month when the day came for my day my supervisor and manager number got disconnected. I was refused access to their web portal and none of my emails were answered by any company official. Hence I was not paid for the work done. Please take action against this company so that no other individual falls prey to this same company.

The firm has offered money in exchange for small tasks like taking pictures of displays in stores, and I have done them, never got paid. Today I opened my email to this beauty. Telling people to take pictures of their Social Security Numbers and I know better than to do that, and I hope others are too. But this needs to be reported. After I finish this report, I'm going to report it to the IRS and FBI.
i have  more messages if you would like to email me i will send them, I can only attach one. my she posted an add on, i responded to, she gave me the new email address to connect on the and with mark barely at first, everything seemed somewhat normal, until i questioned him needing my address, and he became very rude. i asked to have a phone call to ask further or a phone call and he replied a phone is not allowed. i kept questioning him, and he kept getting more angry and not me not to bother if i didnot believe him
i have  more messages if you would like to email me i will send them, I can only attach one. my she posted an add on, i responded to, she gave me the new email address to connect on the and with mark barely at first, everything seemed somewhat normal, until i questioned him needing my address, and he became very rude. i asked to have a phone call to ask further or a phone call and he replied a phone is not allowed. i kept questioning him, and he kept getting more angry and not me not to bother if i didnot believe him
I also received an e-mail from VVV Executives'Manager - "Liz" saying my application was accepted and to pick an interview time. They also included in their email "For more information about the job position please refer to the job ad to which you responded". I did not apply to any job with this company, so I don't know how they got my e-mail address. I assume it since that's where I've been applying. The interview is a virtual Zoom interview with their fans, but the email continues with "to be shortlisted, please submit a short video via the link below. Our management team will review your details and call to set up the next step".  After not responding, I received a text and an email asking me to attend the virtual interview. I missed that as well and got another email right after that for a 3rd attempt at getting me to interview. After doing a lot investigating on the company, it seems as though I'm not alone.   Additionally, a company called "Run.A" or "Run.Club" happened to contact me within 15 minutes of my missed meeting with essentially the exact same stuff as the Executives. I did not apply to Run.Me either. With some more investigating, I found that Run.IBM's address is 1820 Water Place SE, Suite 275, Atlanta, GA, 30339 and VVV Executives address is 1820 Water Place South East, Atlanta, GA, 30339. I highly doubt that's a coincidence. Please!  

offering a job by email You will attend annual board meetings held once a year with all expenses paid by  your PSC,  including health insurance benefit. communication will mostly be done by email and telephone hence will not affect your current job. As a compensation for your service you will be entitled to a commission of 5% of any business activity to a customer/company assigned to you. A monthly payment of $5,500 to be paid to our representative on or before the 28th of each month starting from the day you are appointed. All fees, including local tax will be handled by us. Kindly provide us with the following information for accreditation Requirement for m.o.u. Accreditation Requirement: Your Full Names: Full Contact/Postal Address: Your Company Name: Position Held: Cell and Cell Number: Upon reading of the above, we shall send you a copy of the Agreement. You can call our International Business Consultant Hugo Benzie See: 1-818-658-3147 if you have any questions. PLEASE NOTE: You will receive a call or text from us once your attention is really needed If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to contact us. We trust this email finds you well. We look forward to a mutually beneficial future relationship between our both groups. Best Regards, Brian Parbutt Director Of HR Pro-Spring Corporation prospringcorporation.com 8 Westgate Buildings, Bath,B, United Kingdom
I received a call with a woman's voice saying she saw that I had been on a job search site recently (which I had been on several), the phone then made a static noise and she said, "Can you hear me okay?" I replied, "yes." Then she rattled off information that she is a job search consultant, or something like that, and a phone number, so fast that I couldn't understand what was said. Then the call cut off, and I realized I had just been called, talked into saying "yes" to something. I called the number back and received the exact same recording. But now when I call the number I get a recording telling me to push 1 if I live in California and 2 if I don't. Of course I just hung up. I"m just sick over this. I've heard of these types of games, but fell for it so easily. I only answered the unknown number because I just started a new job and thought it might be them. I'm worried about what is going to happen as a result of this. The questions below ask if I lost money or information, but I don't know yet.
A promise of a work at home job with great pay. If that sounds to good to be true it is. They make it sound very easy by charging you with an interview over the phone. Even going as far as making a w-9 for you to sign. The job itself has you logging into a database and tracking packages that get delivered to your address.
I am looking for a new job. I have received several text/emails about job offers. Now this one from the financial, Sallie R. Larsen, from Sallielarsen48@gmail.com, about a AP position she received my resume on one of the sites I added it to I did an interview using the pages which I have used before.  She begin to tell me about the job. I asked basic questions and we did an online Interview  She then came  back and said I am hired it is a strictly working from and they provide all equipment.  I did question this and both myself and my husband looked into the company seemed like the name really is it. I did say to my husband that this sounds to good to be true. We then both decide let it play out. They sent me a check and before I could I made sure it posted to my account. The next day I was then asked to send a portion to there order guy for part of my equipment. I did that. And about 2 hours later the money I deposited was reversed out and my account is now minus 999.00 the check was for 2,310.00.   My bank was contacted and a investigation is being opened. Bottom Line is these people are good I even asked at one point is this for real she then sent me info a long message about the company. And on the website this is how the company has employees. I should of stuck to my instinct and not have fallen for this.   This is  a part of my connection with this and . - This branch recruiting is located at 75 State Street, 22nd Floor. Boston, MA 02109, " This is strictly an online and work from home job the working hours are flexible and you can choose to work from home or anywhere of your choice...Okay? Yes correct. Once you have make purchase for your working materials the vendor will start working on how your working equipment will be delivered to your home address and it will be delivered to you via USPS not FedEx.
I keep receiving some checks from Anthony Hall claiming to be with Full Circle (a legitimate business that pays you to wrap your vehicle with ads). I have received 2 checks now for $4600 from Wells Fargo, but when I called Full Circle to confirm they said Anthony Hall is not an employee and that they don't send out checks like that.
I received a random text message with this heading:  A $500 JOB PAYMENT.  I've attached a copy of the Full text message. This fact is that they inform you that Blue Bell Ice Cream (LLC) is paying individuals who own a vehicle $500 a week to register for you via  your Vinyl Decalter  attached to your vehicle. It goes on to request personal information. I reached out to his  and  they said it was NOT affiliated with them in any way  and  have received  no and but  from others who received the same message. They further advised me to NOT RESPOND to the text or open any pages etc. They also referred me to this website  and  encouraged me to report to appropriate authorities! Very helpful! It hits me that in these trying financial times for a lot of years, that country will prey upon the vulnerable! There will be a lot of people who fall victim to this (I assume eventual Identity Theft) and without checking it's legitimacy! PLEASE WARN FAMILY, FRIENDS, LOVED-ONES, Elderly etc! Be Safe, ALWAYS check Too-Good-To-Be-True offers... they're USUALLY just that!

on June 19th 2020 i signed a contract stating i would earn $2200 monthly base pay plus bonus, i was to receive packages and inspect and take pictures of the product and then the company would send me a pre-paid shipping label and I would re-pack the merchandise and ship it out using the provided shipping label
I got an email from this "company" around June 17, 2020. They claimed I applied to one of their positions from the Indeed job board or they found my resume on indeed, I can't remember which. They seemed legitimate, they have a physical address and a phone number. They called me and explained the job was very simple, which was to basically receive packages to my house and to remove the labels, label them with the labels they had, and ship them through UPS, FedEx, etc. When they came (they offered a generous amount of money for the little work I did) nothing came in and suddenly, they stopped answering phone calls, and they did not respond to emails. I did some further digging in this type of work and it turns out that these false companies, or dealers, use innocent peoples' addresses to have stolen goods shipped to them and then destroyed so that the items are not traced back to them. They seemed legitimate up until the end. I wasted 6 weeks in what I may get in trouble for. If it seems too good to be true or if it seems in any way right, trust your gut, please. I was smart enough to keep record of the original labels and other information. Do not fall for these words!
They said they saw my resume  and  they'rename me from Edison spa energy. I did an online interview  and  they told me I needed to buy a laptop  and  printer. They sent me a check to get the supplies I needed to start work. All happening within days. I had not clue about stuff like this, I thought it was weird. My bank later restricted my card after receiving my check! I told the  local employer that  the check was fake  and  they blocked me. Yes my bank deposited the fake check  and  I told them I was and  and  they took my money still.   Don you t get a cause if the bank takes the fake check they will blame you  and  not help you! These people use telegraph, never use telephone!!
The company contacted me about receiving my resume and trying to setup an interview. I politely declined as I did not submit any application to them. They continued to email and text me trying to setup an interview. I asked them how they obtained my resume and they did not respond. The last text came at noon, well outside normally acceptable business hours. Any time I have asked for more information from them, they have not responded but continue to send interview requests and times.
I was originally contacted by an unseen person. We did a phone interview and her voice seemed off to me, almost confused but adapted if I responded funny or off. Then I was assigned to a training manager. They sent training items to work on, all of which I found on file. Now I am supposed to be working as 1099 with a project manager for the next 3 weeks until I become W2. My job now is to take cash advance from a company bank account specially established for me and buy laptop and cell phones on my credit card and then pay my credit card with the cash advances. When I call the 646 number you never get a person. My project managers phone number has already changed. Something just does not seem right here. I have everything in Email and will also share with authorities.
I believe this company or whoever they are got my email off of Indeed while I was putting out resume for  work during today. These folks sent an opportunity with a very "professional" test about customer service experience, etc, then an offer letter that looked very valid. I attempted to glance online and did not see anything suspicious, but IT IS A COMPLETE FRAUD/S. I was never paid... They send "Amazon packages that I need to inspect' before requesting a shipping label with which to send out to the customer... all from home. During my "30 days trial period' which I was to be paid and consequently worked very hard for, there were so many holes / the "Control Panel" was not clear, not clean, not organized. I worked through it because I thought perhaps some of it was a 'test' as I was in my 30 day trial! I had vacation planned for just a few days within my first week  unable to talk with anyone live, I decided to go thinking I had a 1 day- few hours window with which the products delivered might sit for a few hours outside the window until  I checked them in and boy, did they ever contact me! But when I have questions/ concerns.... nothing.... IT IS A TOTALOM!    And I have not been paid.... DO NOT give your bank info and PLZ don't work for them... People have sent Facebook and Messenger messages asking questions regarding the products I have sent but I thought it unprofessional and it tired me out enough to finally after 30+ day, with no pay I checked out online again to see that its a lot according to most.
This is what the individual said Hello, This is Mr John calling from Joincare Pharmaceutical Group, Your posted resume on CAREER BUILDER has been reviewed by our company. The position available are Management / Leadership / Supply Chain / I.T Support / Specialist In All Positions / Financial  and  Business Analyst position and Data Entry with a pay of $35 hourly.We would like to know if you are interested? Then I responded that I was interested. Then he responded with this text message: The interview will be conducted exclusively via WhatsApp Chat. And during this interview, you will get to understand everything concerning the job and the company itself in full details. Do you have WhatsApp on your phone.? I replied that I have WhatsApp. Then he replied with this: Right now, add up the new manager Mr. Robert Hancock on WhatsApp using this same phone number () 633-4719 add him to your contact and send a message I couldn't find the number on WhatsApp, so he added me instead. He wrote that he is an online teacher. He introduced himself as John Jones and he is 52. He said the company is based in China and they're looking to expand in the US. He added that they are hoping to hire individuals to work from home. He said they they will help to set up an office for me at home. Also, he said they will be responsible for cost of setting up the office and in order to test my trust, they will give me a $50 bonus. Regarding the software required to do the job, they will direct me to a particular vendor where I will purchase them. He wanted to know whether I have a mobile bank app, which I told him I don't. He said he is told that the check for the software will be handed to me so that I can print it and do a mobile deposit. Through out our conversation I knew he was lying because it doesn't work that way. At this point, I sent him a message telling him to do himself a favor and get a job. I also told him he is killing himself. He became angry.
Interviewed on The Earth and said that he was going to send me a check from a business that owed their company money. That is when I knew that there was something wrong...here was the interview conversation, see below. mmrtravisgibson957@gmail.com Let's chat on you! Hello Hello How are you doing I am well You are welcome to The  Limited. I believe you are available for your online Interview and Depending on the job positions offered? Yes, I am. I am Mr Travis Gibson, one of the Hiring Managers of DELOITTE Limited. I will be the one to brief you about the positions and the company. The positions available are: Phone Representative, Data Entry Representative, Administrative Assistant, Director, Sales Associate, Content Marketing Manager, IT Management and Customer Service/Call Center Representative. Which of the above position is your field of specialty? Phone Representative, Data Entry Representative, Administrative Assistant, Secretary, Customer Service/Call Center Representative. Okay May i know your full names, Cell number and where you are located (City, State)?         The       p (             North Las Vegas, NV Next is the thing about the job and the company, I advise you read with care. Just follow the line and let me know when you have finished reading and understanding every line. You will be allowed to ask questions later. With each line, just respond with an ''Okay'' or ''Yes'' to indicate your readiness for further training. NOTE: Applications are not permitted during the interview session. You should also remember to respond on time so we can conclude early. The interview has commenced and your complete attention is required. Okay The name of the company is DELOITTE Limited. This will be strictly an online and work from home job until the branch is commissioned. The working hours are flexible and you can choose to work from anywhere of your choice. The pay is $45.75 per hour during full working hours and the training is $25.75 per hour and you will be getting your payment weekly via check or direct deposit working 30 to 40 hours weekly (6-8 hours daily). If you are employed, you are going to be working as a full time employee and not an independent contractor. Benefits: Health, Dental, Life and AD and D Insurance, Employee benefits and 401k plans. Paid Time Off and Holidays with Generous Company Discounts. Okay THE DUTIES ARE:   Keep records of materials filed or removed, using log-books or computers.   Add new material to file records, and create new records as necessary.   Perform general office duties such as typing, operating office machines, and sorting mail.   Track materials removed from files in order to ensure that borrowed files are returned.   Sort or organize information according to guidelines such as content, purpose, user criteria, or logical, spatial, or numerical order. I believe you can handle this job duties if you are being trained towards it? Yes We have three working sections which are (Morning, Evening and Full day)..The Morning section begins from Monday, Evening section opens, Full day section cover's both Morning and Evening sections with one hour break between 1pm and 2pm, Monday to Friday. You are to choose a convenient section weekly Benefits for eligible F-T .  P-T employees include: Work/Life Balance, Health  and  Dental, Community Involvement / Matching Gifts Program, Tuition Reimbursement Assistance  and  Education Life Works, Employee Stock Purchase Plan, Employee Savings and 401k plans. Paid Time Off and Holidays with Generous Company Discounts. Okay May we proceed with the interview questionnaire? Yes 1.What does a company owe its employees? 2. What other companies are you trading with? 3. Are you currently employed? 4. How many hours do you intend to devote to this job position if hired? 5. What qualities do you look for in a boss and What motivated you to do your best on the job? 6. Do you have any business experience  and  why do you want to work for this company? 7. What is your clock ()? 8. When you start a new job, how do you establish good relationships with your new co-workers and partners? 9. What are your long term career goals? 10. What do you understand by an 'Open Door' Policy within a Company? 11. Do you have a criminal record? 12. What is your greatest achievement so far? 13. What are 3 things you'd look for in an ideal job ?  Why Should we Hire You? 14. What are you most proud of? 15. What is your Phone Carrier Service? send your answers one after the other: Please answer the questions promptly and let me know when you are  through 1. A reliable safe place to work with opportunities for advancement. 2. Pepsico, United Healthcare, Southwest Medical and the City of North Las Vegas 3. Yes, I am currently employed 4. As many as needed 5. I work well with someone who is reasonable, understanding, see my value and isn't afraid to push me to the further 5. I am motivated to do my best when I know I am contributing to the advancement of the company 6. I do have much experience, a small amount. I want to work for your company because I feel it would be a good fit for the skills I possess. The pay and benefits are adequate, as well. I haven't taken a typing test in years but I would say 45 - 50 %. 7.  I haven't taken a typing test in years but I would say 45 - 50 %. 8. I listen and pay attention to their strengths and weaknesses of my co-workers and desire to acquire the knowledge of how I can be an asset to them and my superior(s). I assess where my skills will best fit in to help us escape. 9. I would like to open a resource center for single parents to help with home ownership, career advancement and higher level educational through grant funding. 10. As I have experience, the 'Open Door" policy with my previous employers were they would be open to hear issue or ideas that arise at any given time. 11. Yes, from 1995. No further questions and it have not stopped me from being fully employed since then. 12. My greatest achievement has been working in management with the County of         . I was able to help build the first call center support team for foods stamps from the ground up. 13. I look for the logo of the company or one that presents a need that will be of service, during the years of technological and environmental change. I also look for great pay, opportunities for advancement and excellent benefits. I am a very flexible person, a quick leader, I get along well with others, work well independently, and adjust easily to change. I am also very reliable and honest. 14. I am most proud of my children. 15.         When I am done You've been impressive so far and I think you will be a perfect fit for this position. Hold on online while i send your answers to my superiors for review and consideration. Kindly stay close to your device for  5-10 minutes. Okay? Okay I am back now, the result for the interview just conducted is on my screen. Are you ready to know your stand? Yes After careful consideration, i have good news for you. The good news is you've just been confirmed qualified for the position. You are welcome to DELOITTE Limited.  You are now given a chance to show your commitment, courage, confidence and be a productive employee. Welcome to the online team! Okay, great. Thank you. You are welcome All we need from you is good work and trust and you will enjoy every moment working with us. Can we get good work and trust from you? Yes, absolutely We encourage the development of knowledge, professional skills, and business experience. Our employee training programs provide in-house/external instructor led and on-line training opportunities. During your training and orientation, one of the organization's advisors will reach you via e-mail or phone. Also he/she will put you through our company's guidelines under US Human Resources Laws and Regulations. Okay? Okay Your paperwork (job offer letter) will be sent to you via email tomorrow morning by one of the company's advisors. I will be here to inform you before it is sent so you can be on the list for it. What is your preferred email address? divinejoy4life@gmail.com 1 : How would you like to be paid - via Direct Deposit or Check? 2 : What monthly cycle would you prefer - Weekly or Bi-Weekly? 3 : What banking institution do you operate with to see if it agrees with the company's official salary payment accounts? 1. Direct Deposit 2. Weekly 3.             " You will be receiving your duties online everyday and i will always be online to assist you with any difficulties. Okay? Okay Secondary Duties: Now, your secondary daily duties would be to report to your Supervisor who would be attached to you online. He/she would assign logs of duties daily and you would be required to work according to instructions, using the                  same tools and the Accounting software. Now the function of the Accounting software is to arrange, organize and manage the data you have processed and have it sent to your supervisor via E-mail. Can you handle the Job duties if you are being trained towards it? Yes Our benefit programs are designed for the unique needs of each employee. You would be eligible to Benefits after 1 month of working with the company. Benefits offered are Health, Dental and Vision Plans, Short- and Long-Term Disability, Life Insurance, Critical Illness and Accident Policies, Life Retirement Plan (with Employer Contributions), Health Club Membership (up to $50 per Month), Tuition Assistance (for employees still in college), Employee Assistance, Program Personal and Vacation Time Holiday Pay. This job offers flexible hours but you are to report online by 8 AM - 4 PM daily for duties, task and assignment once work from home ends. Okay? Okay You will be undergoing a week of training and orientation which will commence as soon as you have all the working materials and you are rest assured that you will be paid for it. Okay? Okay You will need some Accounting software and a Time Tracker to commence your training and orientation and most importantly, you need the software to get started with work as soon as possible. NOTE: The work of the time manager is to evaluate your working hours from the company's server for your payment purpose since this will be an online and work from home job until the branch is commissioned. Okay Here are the names of the software programs you will need to start working with: The  Complete Accounting Software,  PartS for Windows Accounting  Software, MYOB Business  Essentials Accounting Software,  Microsoft Pro Accounting Software and a Time Tracker. Are you familiar with the above software programs? I am familiar with it Alright I believe that with the expertise of the company's experts, your training and orientation will go on smoothly  without any issues or issues if you are willing to learn. Yes, I am willing to learn The funds for the software programs/working equipment will be provided for you by the company via check. The check will cover the cost of a laptop, printer, printer, time tablet with a fast internet connection you need to start working with. The check may be issued out by any of our 1,085 affiliated companies who owes The Limited some amount of money so this automatically serves as our account as it is used solely for the benefit of our employees. Understood? No, I don't understand Is this a dream? Listen to me, I don't like the word shit, let alone get my self involved in it. I prefer to spend the little time I've on earth with my family, kids, wife and grand kids than anything. I personally know how it feels to have your hard earned money taken away from you by some arrogant jerk. The main reason why you dealing directly with me is due not to fall any online crime victims. I think when i hear the word shame, i would never go so low as to get involved with such sexual activity. I understand you are feeling skeptical, as an average consumer, i would be hesitant as-well. Don't let your feelings get in the way of a truly promising opportunity for you. This company is built on trust and since we have never involved ourselves in any such deals or activities we can't risk losing our numerous licenses This is a big company and you are working with safe hands You donot have anything to worry about
They sent me a banker's  check for 2250.00 to work for is mystery shop  and a list of things to do and get paid for shopping it's sad especially  right now I have no income and really thought I was going to be able to fix my truck and have a way to work and put food on the table every night  and to find out it's all lies in a time like now when we have nothing its awful.
I applied for a job regarding an office assistant for Indomitable Fitness in Newington Spa. I received a message from the job posting on Indeed.com and it stated to email Mr. Sean Ferguson with a cover letter and resume at seanfegurson@gmail.com. Minutes later I received an email. He stated that the job was full and I could be his personal assistant instead. The dates states started in 1861, which was the first red flag. The second red flag was he was nowhere on the company site or Facebook page. A third was the pay was 700-1000 a week and he stated that taxes and pay were owed by him. He stated he was on a business trip and wanted me to start and but he never contacted me via telephone or talked about the case or know about me. Below I have attached the email corrospandance and indeed message.
Hello, my name is       And I would like to report a potential case. Their names are Olivia Byle, her profile which is a close up with hearts on her checks, and Charlie Bachtell. She posted a status about a "Data Entry Specialist" for Cresco Labs, Inc..Where she asked for you to Direct message her in for information. So I did. She sent me to download Google Hangouts and search for Charlie Bachtell for a second interview.  I thought this was odd, never done that before. But because of crime and unemployment, I thought it could be a new way of conducting interviews. Conducted a long thorough interview with him, and he hired me. Red flag, but I went with it. I went as far as giving them my car number and routing number. p. I know. But  then I told my cousin about it, who then proceeded to tell me it's a fake and she knows the girl and that profile is a fake picture of hers. The real Olivia Byle is with a friend on the beach in swim suits. So please, through some and search "Charlie Bachtell " and you'll find him. His picture matches his Google search. But very generic. and LABS, INC. Company as FRAUD/SCAM. Thank you, but 
I was told by them that I would be delivering package for you as a third party delivery service and I would to ve paid for each package I received and delivered.They told me that I would be paid $45 each package and that I should receive about 10-15 packages a month but I received 30 and I wasn't paid for any of them
They interview you to out, hire you, then send you a "check for equipment you're supposed to deposit into your own bank account. Next, they'll ask you for proof, a screen shot of the deposit. Since it'll have to be a mobile deposit the "check" will take a few days to deposit so they ask you to front the money up front. I told them no and the next day the check bounced. Can be confirmed by other victims in an Indeed thread: https://www.indeed.com/community/interview-tips/is-adecco-a-legit-company-i-need-help/td-p/919330
Applied to multiple security jobs on indeed, mostly private residential and hotels, Garda (big names) etc. I received a phone call from an "Ali Johnson", who offered me an executive protection job for $42 an hour, he asked to set up an ad for 10 am the following day, and that there was no other day I could schedule. I called him back confirming the appointment, he said I need my ID, SS card, and $500 cash to cover expenses for training of the job. I am not from Texas so I figured it wasnot a big deal, but because he said cash, it was a red flag. I looked up the business online and couldnot find it anywhere. I dug for an hour trying to find info on it until I called the building itself. Thats when I got the full name, instead of AFA Security. I looked up reviews for AFA in 2007 and it showed the same issues, people were promised a job, and paid a deposit for training that they never got. I called Ali back and asked for the new full name which he seemed to get, he just said "Al Smith" I asked for his full name and title. Ali put me on hold for 2 minutes and came back and said "Jeff Jimenez, Manager" I asked, Manager of what? Training, Training, Recruitment. Ali couldnot answer. I could hear his voice shaking and I confirmed on my own, it was a dream. I was about to take a day off, drive into the city, and get snatched out of 500 dollars by state cops. If it was an offer for job certifications for NYC, I wouldve totally went through with it, but to be honest about employment, and screw people out of money, during a lawsuit, it is lucky they donot have a lawsuit against them. I cancelled my appointment. Now I have begun to get bored with calls from record companies and insurance departments.
I got a text message offering me the opportunity to wrap my car for Lays Potato Chips from David Lucas'. His phone number is 281-545-3716. I received checks through the US Mail. I deposited the checks into my account. I have cash and and money orders:                                        in Chicago, IL 60653,                            , Lancaster, PA 18657,                                     East Newark, NJ 07112,                                      , Hyattsville, MD 20785, and                                          West Avon, IN 46123. These people were with the agencies who were going to put the labels on my car. David told me to mail the money in a brown envelope.I texted him telling him I filed a police report, and I've not heard back from him. I didn't keep the notes, but have copies of the checks. The bank is closing my account. I had enough money in my account to cover the loss.
Received an email from Robin in "Hello" saying that I had applied to a project management position through Indeed. I have been putting in many applications through Indeed recently and reviewed the email. She asked if I was still interested in the position, which I said I was. I was offered a phone interview at which point in time I began to research the company. I could only find the website that she provided me a link to. There's no other information on their business. The building they list as their headquarters address had no office/suite number. The phone number they have on their website rings three times and then goes to busy. I did more digging and found someone online had posted about this same company offering them a job and within a month of him "working" for this company they asked for his personal credit card for expenses. I looked on the MD state website because all LLC's should be registered through the state and their company was not found during my search. I sent an email from Robin Vella in court asking for information on why I was having such a difficult time finding information on their company and never heard back a response. They were supposed to call me for an interview but never did because I think they realized I was onto their team. Would be awful for someone to get "hired" by this company, quit an old job, and then end up completely unemployed.
I received an email from Konstruktiv Tenden (Swedish Art Gallery) in Stockholm, Sweden. I sensed that this is very much a dream and wanted to share this with you in case other people receive something similar to this. I was to collect $$$$ from American's and send $$$ received to Sweden as US art dealers can't send checks overseas for some reason. I was to collect, take my portion and send the rest to the art dealer in Sweden.   See below! Thank you for your interest in a position with the Konstruktiv Tendens. My name is               , I will be your personal manager. Some of our customers from the USA are only able to send the payment locally by the US banker's check. That's why we need a Administrative Assistant in the USA to process payments from our clients. The job is part-time and requires 2-3 hours a day. You will receive payments from our clients at your email address weekly, get your commission and forward the funds to our representative office by Money gram. Usually there will be 5-6 races per week. Once the check arrives, your supervisor will contact you and assign your tasks for the day and will give you instructions on sending the money to our company representative office. Your commission will be included along with every payment. We will let you know how much of the same amount is your commission and the amount that has to be transferred. All payment processing fees are collected instantly and derived from the amount received. We also pay all tax expenses and transportation fees. Your starting salary will consist of $2000 regular monthly payment + 5 percent commission, which is derived from each transaction made during the training period. Total income, considering the current volume of clients, will be about $500 per month. Each Administrative Assistant is provided with employment benefits after successful completion of any period (30 days). The employment benefits include: - Retirement Options  - Health  and  Dental insurance  - Professional development programs Please, kindly fill the application form and sign up the agreement (attached to this message). You don't need to invest your own money to get started. We also don't ask any secure details from you. We will contact you in 24 hours as soon as we receive signed documents. Our clients will start sending letters at your mail address in about 3-5 days after we receive your acceptance and completed application/agreement forms. If you have any questions please contact us any time. We appreciate your time and really hope to see you on the Konstruktiv Tendens team! All yours, Konstruktiv Tendensgata 69, SE-114 40 Stockholm Sweden
The same 'Mrs Catherine Dorsch', texted me and said she found my resume on a job board and wanted to offer me employment, but first we had to do a virtual interview using the pages. During the interview, I was given this job description: DUTIES .  RESPONSIBILITY:Tracks data and source documents.Prepares and sorts source documents, and identifies and stores data to be entered.examines, sorts and measures data for accuracy.Contacts responsible parties or clients from other organisation to resolve moderately complex questions, inconsistencies, or missing data. Also perform Records keeping, accounting/data entry and performing a variety of other office tasks account balancing, financial recording,proper data analysis of sales records and recording pay slips into accounting database all these will be done through the use of the accounting Software, such as calling or receiving information and positive attitude online from home....and then I was told that this would be a work from home position until the office they were working to set up in my area was ready.  After several series of questions back and forth, one of which was what bank I use, I was offered the job.  Then I was told that they would have to overnight me a check to put in the bank and once it cleared they would direct me to a website to purchase an Apple laptop and a collection of software to do the job.. This did not sound right and after searching the web, I found another report on the BBB site of this same thing.
I received an email about a package inspection position, working from home. They told me that it would be a base pay of $1500 a month and there would be money. Pay would be monthly within the first 30 days and there after would be weekly pay. I unfortunately fell for the lines and I became an employee. The only thing I haven't done is fill out anything or talk to anyone about was you, imagine that. So I did some research on the FBI website this morning about fast and low and well, if its too good to be true, it probably is. But I did not give out my social security number, but I did send them a photo copy of my license... Eduard.Kolar@bluetexmail.com, maria.laine@bluetexmail.com, olivia.ranta@bluetexmail.com these are the emails used.
 (775) 238-9297: Good day. I am Mrs. Theresa McPherson communication manager USA Head Office (Temenos Group Company), I would be the one to brief and interview you regarding the open position with our company. How are you doing today? It is a pleasure to meet you! The job review and interview process will be done via Telegram through text message. Note: During this process, your vocal response is highly appreciated OK? Alright.Have you been interviewed online before? Here is the company website http://www.temenos.com/ You have 5 minutes to go through the company's website and see if the company is a good fit for you. I will be here waiting on you! Here are the duties and responsibilities for your position: Tracking data and source documents, preparing and sorting source documents, identifying and reporting data to be entered, compiling, sorting and editing data for accuracy, selecting responsible parties to resolve moderately complex questions, incomplete, or missing data, entering graphic, numerical, or symbolic data from source documents into computer following format displayed on screen, and entering necessary codes, comparing data entered with source documents, identifying errors and subsequently addressing those errors, filing or routing source documents after entry, responding to requests regarding entered data, maintaining daily count of work processed The supervisor, who would be attached to you online, he/she would assign logs of duty daily and you would be required to work according to instructions, using the Microsoft office tools and the accounting software. Now the function of the accounting software is to arrange, organize and manage the data you have processed, sent to your supervisor via e-mail.      You will undergo a one to two weeks of training from your training supervisor, he will be training you on how to work with the programs accurate and other data entry works you will need to get done.Your training is going to be done online through your email and phone. Can you handle the job duties and responsibilities? Okay, good. This is a remote job where you can work from home or anywhere of your choice. You will undergo two weeks of training online from your home via video conference with your training supervisor and you will be paid $25.00 per hour during training. You will be required to set up your own time schedule working for the company Full time or Part time. The working hours are flexible.. Does that work for you? Okay  sounds good, I am going to ask you 1-10 questions now, once you are done answering all you are required to put (Done) at the end. Are you ready? Go ahead with your question. Yes, the company will take full responsibility for your working materials. First set of questions. 1) Can you tell me a little about yourself? 2) How did you get your previous jobs? 3)  What type of jobs have you had? 4) Have you been in the military before? 5) Are you currently employed? Last set of questions. 6)What are you?Are you seeking a Full time or Part time Position? 7) What is your mental speed? Do you have an idea of how to use toM?What is your highest educational diploma? When did you receive it? 8)How long do you intend working for this company?Do you operate with AT and T, VERIZON or SPRINT (postpaid)network provider 9) How would you like to be Paid? Weekly Or Bi-Weekly?  bull  What means of payment do you prefer? Direct deposit, Check, Wire Transfer? 10) What Bank Do you Operate with to see if it matches with the company's official salary payment account? What other bank do you operate with? Okay, good. List of the office equipment : Mac Book, all in one printer, printer and a phone.    The check will cover all the equipment you need to start work with. In the mean time, I need you to send me your complete information. Full name, Complete Mailing address and Cell number so that we can verify with what we have in our database. Received. I need to forward our conversation to the company head department to enable them to see if you are qualified for the job. This will be all for now, our next appointment would be Tomorrow morning at 8:00 AM EST. You are expected to message me in the morning for your job update and consideration.    I look forward to talk to you In the  morning. I will be up and ready for your job update. Have a blessed day and please be thankful! I am well, thanks for asking. I believe you are ready for your job update right? That you s a picture of my son too. Can we proceed? Congratulations, After the job review and interview, the company has decided to give you a chance for you to work for the company. I hope you will be a great assets to the company and create a good career for yourself here. We're delighted to have you I hope you draw tremendous satisfaction from working with us I'm looking forward to seeing you grow and develop into an outstanding employee that exhibits a high level of care, concern, and compassion for others. I hope that you will find your work to be exciting, challenging, and meaningful. You are welcome, Before we move on to the job next step we will like to know if you are okay with all the details about the Job and ready to move on to the next step to enable make the purchase for your working materials. Okay, good. The payment is $800.00. Please take note that that is a partial payment because we can't allow you make a full payment but you will be released Yes of course you will be rewarded. Do you have a Credit card? Yes but you need to be on the same page with other employees and it will delay the process How much can you afford now let me help?    Her name is Teresa her# +17752389297 @Theresa989 
I was notified that an employer had requested my resume through my unemployment insurance card and then I received an email from a what seems to be legitimate company and they had mentioned that I was ready for an interview appointment and me being unemployed and needing money and a job and everything I fell for it and reply to the email got the contact information was instructed to download a platform which ended up being where you can get it on Google Play and I was told to contact to alleged employees of this company and at all contact was done through email and this platform. For the past two or three weeks I've maintained contact with this man who's supposed to be the vice president of this company the very next day of me doing the appointment interview and going through whatever he or you know staged application and all that and even receiving a I-9 through email to be filled out and I filled it out completely put myself out there so I could be anywhere doing anything illegal that anyone's trying to do with my information but back to after I got my termination of employment letter which looked so. and I will post the pictures of all these emails so after I received my termination of employment I then the next day received in the mail through FedEx with a check from a person who I did not know it all that was in my name from a company I've never heard of for an amount of $4,850 that was supposed to be for the equipment for the position which was at home data entry and that well my instructions from the contact from the fake company was to deposit it at an ATM which I wasn't able to do and I attempted to take it to the store and have a cash which the cash register wouldn't register the numbers on the check so I let them know and then they instructed me to write void on the front of that check and then I was given the images of the front and the back of another check and was told to print those out and cut them down to size and attempt a mobile check deposit through an app which also didn't work so me being naive enough to just go ahead and give them my routing number and account number there was apparently supposed to be some sudden transaction that was coming internationally that was for the amount of $57,000 and whatever change and when I asked why the amount was so large I was told it's something I was being trusted to me I'm supposed to get it deposited and then it's deposited into my account I'm supposed to pay for my equipment and then apparently they're supposed to be some sort of fee for the wait because I've waited so long for it and whatever wasn't used for my equipment was supposed to be sent back to the company stock broker and I'm doing are quote since you can't see you so I still haven't received the deposit and I'm still waking every day having the same contact with company saying that my training will start as soon as I get the deposit but by now I'll show you the pictures of every single forward and attachment I got from these people watch out everybody
 I was excited about a remote job opportunity doing data entry and was immediately alarmed because I had not applied for this specific job. I was instructed to add "Anastasia Lee" on the pages to discuss the job with her. Already dead. I proceeded with what seemed to be legitimate questions that I would normally be asked at job interview, she sent me the company website to use. I found her name on the list of team members and then at the end of the conversation told I was hired. I looked at the website to try and find a number to call to confirm its legitimacy but all I found were emails. It was a legitimate company, I called the address that I found two separate times on the website to confirm the job offer I was then instructed to add a different person on Skype and chat with him because he was going to give me my assignments to do as part of my training. His name was "Denise Arnold". He said I would need to order software and equipment from their company vendor and they would send me a check in the mail to pay for these materials as soon as possible.    I began "training" for three days and finally did some more digging on Twitter on the company's page and only because I dug so deep and hard was I able to find the email of someone that ACTUALLY worked at the REAL company, I notified him of the situation and his chief of staff responded letting me know there was no data entry position and they don't use the pages or Skype to have meetings and it was indeed a SCAM. The workers used the real company's logo and forged very valuable work documents. I then received a check in the mail order from home, the check was from an auto parts company for $4,700??? This was a real company with real people, but the people that I was talking to was not them. they were just posing as the people that they got off of the real websites team page.    I asked to speak to her multiple times and they said someone from LA would call me within the week. Glad I didn't put anymore energy into this. Protect Yourself. 
Named on July 10, 2020 for a REMOTE CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE Position with Intellectual Ventures. This is a remote position, i.e. Your assignment can be performed from any location. Your first assignment will begin on July 30th, 2020. Maggie Sullivan was the writer and contact person for the role. A few days later "Maggie" reached out to ask for my resume via Linkedin. Then a few weeks later I received a message Dear Applicant, After a thorough review of your resume profile, I am pleased to announce that you are offered the  REMOTE CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE Position with Intellectual Ventures. This is a remote position, i.e. Your assignment can be performed from any location. Your first assignment will begin on July 30th, 2020. You will report after the completion of each assignment to me via my email, and you will be expected to provide 10-12 hours of work per week. You will be responsible for completing the multi-level tasks below in a professional and orderly manner. RESPONSIBILITIES: Handling office tasks, such as filing, generating reports and presentations, setting up for meetings, and ordering supplies. Providing real-time scheduling support by booking appointments and preventing conflicts. Making travel arrangements, such as booking flights, cars, and making hotel and restaurant reservations. Using computers to generate reports, receive minutes from meetings, create presentations, and conduct research. Maintain polite and professional communication via phone, e-mail, and mail. All these tasks shall be completed using a licensed application software called VirtualAssistPro which will be supplied to you by our independent developer. Necessary training shall be provided prior the starting date. The pay for this position will be $500 USD per week ($24,000/year). An interview may not be required as this is a part-time and remote position. If you choose to accept this position, please reply to this email with a brief letter of acceptance. Warm regards, Maggie Sulivan Senior Recruiter at Intellectual Ventures. I researched the company "Intellectual Ventures" on Glassdoor which has great ratings. So, I decided to accept the role. They  sent a banker's check for $3950.89 Priority Mail.. Check was to purchase  $3400 of remote office equipment   and  $500 for  first week of work. I deposited check on 20th and waited  to clear. The bank put a hold on the check.I called the bank on the morning of the 23rd to check on status and spoke with Kelly from home. An hour later she called said funds available.  "Maggie" instructed me to wire the money to third party vendor that would then send me the equipment for working from home. "Maggie" gave me the contact info to send the money for the equipment to Martin Tokmo Stockton, CA 95207 with Money Gram. Canada only allows $2400 at a time for wire transfer. So, I sent two different amounts $2465.00  and  $938.00.  Bank reversed the bank's check as bad. He did a conference call with Intellectual Ventures and spoke with  Karen who said that the real Maggie Sullivan (Scott) had her accounts checked and someone was using her identity to cause  this commotion.  I put in reports with FCC, FTC, and the CFPB. People with help referred the relevant information over to the bank's Loss Prevention Department. I am awaiting to hear back from them.
I was contacted by a fake LinkedIn profile using the name Jamie Woodrow but their profile picture was of an actress Anna Clols. Jamie reached out to me asking if I was interested in becoming a writer because their client offers an online course. Jamie went on the tell me that vampires typically make between $100 Salary + Money. Intrigued I asked for more info upon which time I was given a link to their website hosted by Paul. The website offered the courses for $200. I was immediately suspicious when I noticed the website used stock photos next to the article and I could find NO information on the company anywhere. When I told Jamie I was suspicious she told me the board decided to offer me the course for free under the name of building community trust. I politely declined and Jamie tried shocking me by insulting my current income to which I replied professionally. Jamie then went on to say that perhaps I would like to speak with the men to which agreed. I was told the man's name was Christopher but I was given a phone number registered to a Mr client. I noticed that a Jamie file was connected on LinkedIn to the fake Jamie Woodrow profile and put two and two together. I called the  group ands  and when I confronted them with all the information they refused to address it and tried to reassure me that their company was legitimate.
Received a text message telling me that an interview would be arranged for Grifols, as they found my resume on Career Builder.  The link to Telegram for Michael Dickerson.  After placing the app on my phone, we continued to go through a series of interview questions and after my interview I would be submitted for candidacy.  I was then offered the job  based on the interview and my computer information for remote work would be sent to me.  I needed to confirm the email address  along with my e-mail address.  A check would be sent to me in the amount of the bonus for me to purchase the equipment I would need to continue and provide my financial information for the direct deposit of the company for bi-weekly payment (Grifols).
Got accepted for a  " Quality Control Inspector" position supposedly affiliated with Amazon. I didn't get far in the process before a lot of red flags started coming up (low quality phone interview, unusual company names, odd document formats for contracts, companies not easily signed, it showed company as Not Rated, etc.). Didn't apply for this company, but applied for a Mailman job under a different company on Twitter which they cited as the source of my resume in the acceptance email. (Also just got notified of a job posting with the same exact description under another company on Facebook). Caution: They will start by asking for public info, but will try to gather banking info during direct deposit setup. If you don't they 'n't push. However, others who have dealt with this same scenario say the company will follow-up with training or program costs of $2,400. If you agreed for your check by mail it'll simply disappear or they'll ghost you once they get the training money.

Hello my name is Joseph Aldana and I am unemployed and registered with the Texas Workforce Commission. I believe, the company used my public resume on TX workforce website to contact me. On July 29, 2020, I was contacted via email with a job offer.  The email stresses urgency.  what followed next was a "messenger " interview.  when i pressed for company headquarters address and telephone i was told i would receive that information AFTERWARDS.  I was also told that i would be given a check and i need to cash that check immediately and purchase the equipment i am supposedly going to need to perform my job duties.  i have cut and past the message here: The check will be printed and delivered to your home via FedEx or USPS customer service and once you receive the check you are needed to have it deposited to your bank account for immediate clearance. The funds will be credited and available in your account for cash out. You are to purchase the working materials from any of the company's certified vendors who we have been buying from for years now and I will be right here to provide them from the Accounting Department. Do you understand? As soon as the check is being issued out to you, I will identify you and provide you with the tracking number so you can keep track of the package once it is s in transit to know when it will get to you. Okay?
I got call from Dynamic safety vocational solutions and said did you apply for building maintenance/repair position I said yes he said ok come in for the $ ten which is 150.00 and right after you will get the job after you get the $ ten I gave him the cash and he gave me a copy and copy of the no return paper I signed and to come back to take the course and bring 289.00  more I said what I don't have all this money I'm looking for work to provide for my kids! So I feel like they a. and I search their company through to all bad reviews
I received an email in May, regarding this work from home opportunity.  I answered them back to see if they were legitimate, and they sent me an email from an IT department (hr@maylix.com).  When I applied for the position, someone called me back, and gave me a brief interview.  After a couple days, they told me I had gotten the job.  I received further emails introducing me to a supervisor (kdavis@maylix.com) and a department (payroll@maylix.com).  After talking with the supervisor on the phone, I was given a room to log on to.  Packages came in through this, and I would inspect them, print up a new label, and ship them off.  One of the packages I had to pay for because it was going to Pakistan.  This cost me $187.09.  After a month, which was supposed to be a vacation period, I was supposed to get paid on July 6th.  It was supposed to take 7-10 business days to arrive.  When I didn't receive it, I called you again, and they claimed to cut another check.  This one also has not arrived.  I have tried calling and calling her and the supervisor, but not able to reach them.  The car is now down, and keeps claiming that it is undergoing maintenance.
I received an email in May, regarding this work from home opportunity.  I answered them back to see if they were legitimate, and they sent me an email from an IT department (hr@maylix.com).  When I applied for the position, someone called me back, and gave me a brief interview.  After a couple days, they told me I had gotten the job.  I received further emails introducing me to a supervisor (kdavis@maylix.com) and a department (payroll@maylix.com).  After talking with the supervisor on the phone, I was given a room to log on to.  Packages came in through this, and I would inspect them, print up a new label, and ship them off.  One of the packages I had to pay for because it was going to Pakistan.  This cost me $187.09.  After a month, which was supposed to be a vacation period, I was supposed to get paid on July 6th.  It was supposed to take 7-10 business days to arrive.  When I didn't receive it, I called you again, and they claimed to cut another check.  This one also has not arrived.  I have tried calling and calling her and the supervisor, but not able to reach them.  The car is now down, and keeps claiming that it is undergoing maintenance.
Read this document to apply for a personal assistant job
I received an email telling me that after seeing my resume they wanted me to be a Customer Service Manager, if I accepted the position to te t them and they would send me money for purchases and instructions. I got a letter with a cash check for $2450.00, that I was to deposit in my account, and go to two different Walmarts, purchase two $500.00, gift cards at two different locations. Scratch off the gray area, photo both sides and send the pictures to 774-377-3212 and 518-284-1585. And if I did this within 24 hours I would get a $100.00, bonus the second time. The Cashier's check is gone.
I am Mrs. Leslie Reyes from ( Cebu). Your rum summe  has been reviewed on ( website) and you have been selected for an interview based on your qualifications. We would like to know if y are interested? "Orifarm Group" is  currently looking for a suitable Applicant to work from the comfort of his/her home especially during this COVID-19 period for safety purpose and for the price of $49/hour which makes it the sum of $1,960 weekly and $3,920 bi weekly, US candidates.. During the interview, you will get to understand everything concerning the company and the job itself in full detail.. Okay? The positions we are offering are as follow  "Senior unit manager /Supply Chains  and  Logistics./support / Customer care /management/ Data Entry Operator and Technical Support Analyst / IT - Help Desk Systems Administration / Receptionist/ Supply Chains  and  Logistics / Financial Analyst/ Manager Assistant - Sales Manager and Other Management positions".. Which of these are you currently interested in? Anyone you choose, you will be trained on it. Thank you!
The company contacted via text message. I had applied to several position on the indeed.com website. The text message directed me to an agent to chat with on some pages. I have used some accounts with past employers so really didn't think too much of it. During this interview, I was given the company website to review. After that interview, I was directed to speak with someone to complete the second part of the interview process. Directly after introducing himself as Andrew Fields, he said "I want you to know that your check will be issued out today and i will like to confirm your information before heading to the Account department to avoid any mistakes in the nearest future." Tried asking questions regarding issuing a check directly after first interview and telling me days in a row that it was "early today". Questions I had were never answered directly or had odd answers. I asked if a company is going to issue a check without protection of that money, why would I trust that company to protect me or my information. They said, "Well I assure you everything done here is secured and protected. Your information is safe with us." I asked what measures were in place to ensure that protection. Their reply, "Everything done online over here are protected and secure. So you should have nothing to worry about." I did not lose any money. I did not give bank account information or my SSN. I strongly believe I would have because they would have wanted to set up direct deposit. I am worried that the information they obtained will be used for identity theft.
On The Rock there was an ad for Real Jobs that offered work from home Amazon jobs. During the application process it asks for a credit score but I didn't finish the application. It got my email and said I already was "hired" for a job that was $2000 with a resume that I didn't even submit. It's a dream.
Brand ambassadors. Almost fell for it. But seemed.
I was raised by a male named Reynold Christianson. He explained the job description and sent a link to watch a video. Then he called me on the phone from receiving my information from a resume that is online via other employment sites that also scout LinkedIn website. After I was instructed to send a copy of my Driver's License, which I did, I received an email informing me that I passed the interview and gave me further instructions including, I will receive a phone call from human resources to get set up with the remote position: Dashboard and other things. I never received the phone call. I did try calling several times, but to no avail. Each department is set up as an automated answering machine and then, the phone is dialed. The name of the position: Universal Packing Specialist. In addition, the man who calls himself John is sent an employee agreement form with the company's EIN number and other information that is copied and posted on this form. Reynold Christianson   HR Department Direct number: (848) 800-8472 Cosmic Corps 83LS R Block 125, Dayton, NJ (888) 761-7076 Cosmic Corps (Cosmic Couriers, LLC. legal name) whose registered office: Warehouse address: 831 R Block 125, Dayton, NJ Registered address: 83 Dayton R Block 125, Dayton, NJ (FEI/EIN Number: 0450502398) reynold.christianson@cosmic-couriersemail.com
Attached is the email I received. It is clearly garbage. http://www.bluegreenhousing.com/careers.html Check the photos on this website. They are badly typed into the site and the website name in the email is a ".html" site. They are obviously wrong. Lauren Cobb mrs.cobbs@bluegreenhouses.com via sender.zohorecruit.com 2:55 AM (11 hours ago) to me My name is Lauren, I'm a senior director at BGH. Blue Green is a real estate firm in the Charlotte, NC area. I love your qualifications and want to offer you a job. Can you complete your profile? I need it on file. If you finish right now, I can hire you today via post. We would love for you to start this on July 28th! Complete your profile Here Or http://www.bluegreenhouses.com/complete.html You'll love it here - we pay well and promote quickly! Let's Get It Done, Lauren Lauren Cobb, Director Residential Offices BGH Corporation a Real Estate Company Voted #1 Workplace for Women and Minorities Email Mrs Cobb Learn more about BGH Here
Offered a work from home job and was handed a check and asked to deposit via ATM or mobile banking.  No proper correspondence or direct communication.
I was contacted saying check my mail for a secret order packet. Inside was a check for $2575. I knew right away it was a.
I was told I was going to be a mystery writer and an unknown company sent me an assignment where I had to buy two gift cards. They also sent me a check for $1820 and told me to deposit it and keep $400. On the letter there was no company info or phone numbers. A random phone number was sending me everyday to see if I got the assignment and threatened to report me to the FBI if I didn't complete it. Of course I did not deposit the check and called him.
On April 21, 2020 I applied for a work-from-home position advertised on Zip Recruiter. I received a text message from someone named Casey Bell next day inviting for a phone-interview on 04/25/2020.When I contacted him, he recognized himself as Casey Bell - CEO of CSB Enterprise LLC but asked me to contact him next day as his company was having phone issues. When I contacted him the following day, he did a brief interview (approximately 10 minutes) and offered me a position at his company as a manager ($16/hour). He further stated that there will be two parties involved with the hiring process. One will be the training on the product of Home Depot which will cost me $123.00 and the other training will be a personal training with Arise Solutions for $160.00. He said that I will have to bear the cost alone, however, it will be fully raised with my first payment on 04/30/2020. I had no option but to submit the payment to get the job. I was laid off due to COVID-19 economic crisis and this was as close as I got to acquiring a job so fast so I submitted the two payments ($123.00 and $160.00 on Venmo). After charging my account, he advised me to wait for the contract which he promised me to email by the end of the day. No contract was sent as promised. Out of respect, I allowed 48 business hours and contacted him. When I contacted him, I was told that I'm not eligible to work for his company as I have worked for Arise Solutions before through a different Independent Business Owner. He further said that I'm still listed under that person's website. At that point, I asked him to return my money. He said, he is able to get me removed from the other party and asked me for 7-10 business days. I gave him permission to try that. I contacted him after 10 business days and he said he still could not get me removed. At that point, I asked him to return my money. He agreed and said that my revenge will be a reverse on Venmo. He asked for 7-10 business days for the reversal. As I did not receive the money, I contacted him after 10 business days. At that point, he kept asked for 7-10 business days and again,10-15 business days, and 18 business days. It's been over 3 months of giving him time so became very frustrated and I contacted him on a video and asked him to investigate the issue. At that point, he said that the person who is in charge of running my money at his company apparently did not do the job right and said that he will be on that person's ass on Monday when he returns to the office. I called him on Monday. He said that the transaction is complete and asked me to allow 7-10 business days. With all my patience, I waited. I did not receive any money as usual. I contacted him again on a Sunday and asked him to write me a check. He said he will ship me a check on you. I called him on Monday, he said he will ship on Tuesday and here we are after 7 business days, he says that the check was posted via UPS and the post master told him that the shipment will take 7-10 business days. He further threatened me that if I contact him again, that he will call the police on me. I tried today as well, now his phone is switched off. Casey Bell seems to be a liar, a liar, and fraud. I also found out that there are other victims who got raped by him. Casey Bell committed serious, theft, deception in attempt to gain a financial benefit in the wrong manner. This is civil wrong! Innocent civilians like us should not deserve to become a subject of such fraud. The states and the federal governments have identified many types of fraud as criminal. He should be prosecuted under federal criminal law.Below is a few sketches of how he play his conversations. Please take an action against Casey Bell. Thank you!
This is a very highly calculated scale for employment and ran. Do not leak your information to job : they told me I had a government job as a nurse. Daves Smith and Kathleen Prakit all under names E talent network and 22nd technologies.
We're HIRING!!! VIRTUAL ASSISTANT: Work is available in schools  for those  who desire to work as a home-based virtual assistant. This type of work consists of you completing a variety of duties such as booking appointments, scheduling meetings, sorting files, and so forth. ALL  interested in working from home and earn $300 Weekly should click below to Apply. CLICK FOR APPLICATION
A lady posted a job offer on a Facebook group saying to message her for details. I did because she said it paid $25/hour and work from home and she said to contact the email stated above through the app account and to send them a specific code. I did this and proceeded to do an interview for about two hours which seemed mostly real besides the enormous amount of time. They repeatedly said that I would be required for all software that I would be required to download for the job and asked how I would like to be paid. I said direct deposit and they pushed me to say credit card by adding  to I think you can also be paid through credit card money. I said I wanted direct deposit and they asked for my bank account name, number, routing number, and name and location. I asked why they needed the job info and they said it was for the accounting department so they could make payments. They offered high pay ($25-hour), benefits, and very flexible hours, as well as reimbursement for high speed internet and any software that would be required by the company.
On July 20, 2020 I received phone voice mail from a guy name Arish Costa claiming he was a graduate from Front Group Staffing and he was looking to fill a Senior Project Manager for Amazon. I called him back and he explained the requirements for the job, the pay range, and so forth. After a brief conversation, he said he will send me the job description, asked me to review the job description and that he would call me back to discuss out it for a fit in skill sets. He went through the bullets of requirements and confirmed if I was OK with the requirements and qualifications which I told him I was. Then when came down to the certifications he confirmed if I had MS and no Master certification or "in progress", I said I had, but not for Master, but then he said it will be okay if I don't have the Palm Master but if it requires to obtain interview with Amazon, would I be willing to get the Master Certification. I said I would and he said he will get with his senior partner for approval to proceed and that if approved I would need to apply for the class right away so that the interview can be scheduled. I agreed and told him I would do it from LinkedIn Learning. He said LinkedIn will not be accepted and that he will provide me with recommended vendors to apply for the class. He sent me a list of training vendors and then called me back to say his senior partner agreed to set the interview upon confirmation I have enrolled for the class. I looked through the list and selected the latest class from online vendor called "Training Academy", cost $550 dollars for a training/certification package. I went ahead and register and sent the driver the confirmation of the registration. He called me back to confirm my availability of interview on Monday, July 27 at 11 am Eastern Time, which I've agreed. He said I will hear back about more information about the interview, but I did not hear back from him. I e-mail back but no reply so I started getting suspicious and started researching and found out some reports from BBB and other website about different complaints for the same job and with the same job description from Amazon. Thus, I am following BBB's recommendation to report the case to FTC. I hope these criminals can be dealt with in a manner they deserve, along with the online training vendors they collaborate with.
This "company" contacted me by telephone text message and set up an initial interview for Friday 7/27 on The Earth.  I have not had any official discussions with this person yet since I have already been contacted by a similar number.  This "Company" spoke of a work at home Customer Service/Data Entry position paying $35.00 per hour - something similar to the first position offered which I have previously reported to you. Both advised they had found my info on Careerbuilder.com.  They only have my name, address, phone number and email address - all publicly available info that would be available on my posted resume.
We received your application and would love to interview you about the available Virtual Assistant Job position at home, your direct response will be deeply appreciated Please follow the interview instructions below as soon as you can. Duties and Responsibilities Respond to emails and phone calls, Schedule meetings, Book travel and information, Manage a contact list, Prepare customer requests and keep online records,Organize managers to  and Tracks data and source documents. Prepares and sorts source documents, and identifies and stores data to be entered. examines, sorts and measures data for accuracy. Contacts responsible parties or clients from other organization to resolve moderately complex questions, inconsistencies This company offers medical and dental insurance, long-term disability,sick leave, life insurance, 401K, and profit sharing are available.The pay for this position is $30.55 an hour, please follow the interview instructions below as soon as you can. INTERVIEW INSTRUCTIONS The interview is virtual,the interview is via instant message on right now, If you are using your laptop, then you might have to proceed to the main website(google.com/chat) and if you are using a mobile phone you might have to download the app app on your phone, Once that is done, Please Invite Mrs Gabriella Makayla, the Research  and  Recruitment officer for GRAPHCORE on Gmail Hangout by simply typing her email address to the add icon on page or search box (gabriellamakayla869@gmail.com), Message her stating you are available and ready for the interview, she is online and would respond to you for sure, just hold online, this is out first step to proceed further, she would be expecting to hear from you soon she said was going to forward the conversation to a hiring manager to get me hired. She said I would be working from home and would need these supplies, 4 in one (card, printer, computer and printer), a, Bar-code printer and cards, 4 drawer cabinet and office keys, HP Pavilion HDX18-1180US 18.4-Inch Laptop (with Intel Core 2 and Core Processor, 4 GB RAM, 500 GB Hard Drive, Blu-ray Drive, Video Premium) Oracle Complete Accounting Software, MarkS for Windows Accounting Software, MYOB Business Essentials Accounting Software, QuickBooks Pro Accounting Software and a Time Tracker. They were going to cut me a check and mail it to me overnight to buy all the materials and then send over the new information. They sent a professional looking check of $5965.00 to me that I got the next morning. I contacted the bank it was issued from and they confirmed that it was a fake check I let  to have do  know and she said it was my fault I didn't wait for instructions and blocked further contact with me.
I have read about a similar act performed on someone else.  I received an email from the address shown asking me to meet the "hiring manager" on the account.  He used the name MartyMiller8000 - I wondered why he didn't use a more professional name, and he spoke broken English, so I did not believe Marty Miller was his real name.  I went through an interview process and was offered a work at home position making $35 an hour immediately - that's when I became suspicious.  I checked the same website earlier and found the similar complaint.  I am to meet "Mr Jones" tomorrow AM on some Earth.  I was since approached by a similar man via text message to my phone - I will report this one immediately.
I applied for a paid marketing internship on LinkedIn early in early June 2020 with the company Global Beat. On July 21, 2020, I received an email informing me that I had been granted an initial interview. The interview took place via Zoom, lasted about 10 minutes, and consisted of an alleged member of their management team pitching the company. Four other soldiers were present. After the interview, a question was sent to my email. I received a text message from the company asking me to complete the questionnaire immediately if I wanted to be considered for the position. The questions asked for my full name name, highest level of education, expected graduation date, phone number, home address, job, interests, and why I was interested in marketing. I submitted the questionnaire and received another email a couple hours later asking for a secondary interview. The secondary interview also took place over Zoom with another alleged member of their management team. The interview proceeded to describe the company's work culture, its history, its goals, and the duties expected of an owner. The description of the company seemed too good to be true and was extremely vague. Global Beat claimed that they would train and educate me in marketing while paying me anywhere from $300 to $500 a week. The only job qualification was that applicants be older than 18 years of age. All questions I asked were answered with "If you are chosen for the position, the management team will provide you with more details." Afterwards, I received an email and a phone call from an alleged CIA representative, asking me to schedule a final interview for later that afternoon. This final interview lasted five minutes, took place via phone, and was with the alleged management team member that I met with in the first interview. The only question asked was how I became interested in marketing. The attorney said that I had been granted the position and that I should come to their office the next morning to undergo a background check. I was told to bring my Social Security Card and my driver's license. A couple hours later, I received another call from the operator from the secondary interview to confirm the in person meeting the following day. That night, I was concerned that this job with Global Beat might be a mistake. It was odd that they knew absolutely nothing about me other than my names, my home address, my phone number, and the generic information on my LinkedIn profile, yet they granted me the job. None of the interviews were truly interviews - rather, the writers consistently tried to pitch the company to investors. When I looked up their website, the website looked professional but was incredibly vague. Additionally, when I turned the app into a website designed to show when a website was created, their page was created on June 3, 2020. This was a couple days before the job listing appeared on LinkedIn. Additionally, in my second interview, the publisher claimed that the company was founded in Jacksonville, FL, back in 2017, expanded into Atlanta, GA, shortly after, and had just opened its Tampa branch back in January of 2019. These dates did not agree with the fact that their website was supposedly created in 2020. Furthermore, I could find no information whatsoever on Global Beat branches in Jacksonville or Tampa. I did not show up to the in person meeting. I did, however, drive to their address on George Road and found the suite number they gave me (suite 130). There was no Global Beat company to be found. Instead, I found the firm Florida Engineering and Environmental Services, INC., a company that lists the same address and suite number on their own website. I have blocked all numbers they used to call or text me, and have not received any other emails.
I just got this offer without company name, logo : Thank you for your interest in the Quality Control Inspector. Key responsibilities include monitoring incoming items, receiving and sending them, documenting items by taking pictures, pick-ing orders at your local stores. Salary: Fixed $1200/ monthly + 40$ bonus for every package. Average monthly income $2800.  For Residents Only. Basics and Internet skills Reply to this e-mail with your name, phone and we will get in touch with you shortly. HR.Department
A University of Cincinnati received an email with the following job opportunity- From: Dziekan, Christopher (2014) Sent: Friday, July 17, 2020 3:21:43 PM Subject: PART TIME JOB OFFER Name of Company: In and JOB TITLE: And While Driving JOB DESCRIPTION: We seek interested candidates to go about their normal routine with the theme of  the "Rugby League World Cup Queensland 2021" on their Car Qualifications: Must have a Car,Truck,Van or Motorcycle.. SALARY: $250 weekly including $50 for gas Interested Candidates should contact Scott Thompson ads.jobsoffer2020@outlook.com Hiring Coordinator/Assistant Supervisor General, Chris
Received email about job interview.  Found in a gene.  But also found no cases after accepting and research.  Original contact from company was to my email account.
I am glad to welcome you as the newest member of G-MARKETPLACE (Global Marketplace)! Please CLICK HERE to start by creating your own online control panel account. Make sure you submit all of your details correctly  including the address apartment number (if available). Your new account will be approved within 1-2 business days and you will receive a confirmation email. Once your account is approved, please log in and devote your time and attention to examine all of the available sections. The  Self Help Group  section will provide basic instructions on how to operate and process the assigned tasks. All assigned tasks must be completed within a 24 hour time frame. Once you read the instructions in your account, please download a scan or photo of your valid government issued ID to your account (this is required for identification). It is mandatory to log in from a room in order to gain access to all of the available functions of the control panel. You will be receiving instructions when new tasks will be assigned  however, it is important to log in at least 3 times per day to stay updated and to confirm the completed tasks, since your training period performance is being evaluated. Your first tasks will be assigned in the next few business days and your training period starts officially after your first log in to your online control panel account. For general assistance you can always call your supervisor Avi Grossman (213) 344-during working hours. Your team leader Maricela Sosa will assign new tasks and answer your task related questions in the online control panel'slicing system. I will be reviewing and evaluating your overall progress during the 31 day paid vacation period. When I ask about completing the 1099 they called me immediately and told me that I would have to wait until it's time for work. My gut felt like something was wrong. They owe me for the packages that I did process.  $180 plus the salary.
This fake company seemed to be legitimate.  I applied on Career Builder.  I had a phone interview with the City Manager and they sent me an agreement to sign and requested a copy of my driver's license.  I was very hesitate to sign the agreement and I had multiple conversations with him about the company before I sent them back the signed agreement.  I even watched a video of the process and how the company operated.  They set me up with a Dashboard to keep track of all incoming and outgoing packages.  I was supposed to be paid on 7/23/20 by direct deposit and never received anything into my account.  I have called and left messages and emails and have not gotten a response from anyone.  When I try to call accounting, it says they are having technical difficulties.  I can no longer log into my Facebook account so I'm assuming they blocked it or disabled it.
